CUDA is available.
 Can you guys hear? Okay. Okay. In all seriousness, let's go back one slide because I want to thank Bianca. Can you go back one? For Cosmic Larry. This is really cool. I saw the slide. So a couple things. Some of you I know better than others. I'm Larry Nelson. I have the privilege to stand up here today and represent a lot of the work across our business development team. And maybe just for quick context, because I think sometimes like, what is BizDev? What do you guys do? We manage over 750 partnerships globally across the world. And that could be anywhere from our product integrations. It could be anywhere from some of our marketplace partners for job liquidity. And also our channel partners, which we don't talk a lot about. But our channel partners, you know, produce real revenue, right? They're kind of working alongside our field. We're on track to do about $640 million this year. This quarter, $275 million. This is our Super Bowl for channel. But more importantly, you know, we're doing this across 50 countries and 6,000 customers are working with a partner. So, again, sometimes we think more about the integration side. I want to give a shout out. We'll talk more about that. The part about what I like best about the job is in business development, this is kind of the one role where we get to say no more than sometimes when we get to say yes to partners. And we have a very defined set of principles. When we work with partners, number one, are you kind of adhering to our terms of service? So a lot of times when we're doing partnerships, we're making them, you know, kind of get rid of some extensions. Maybe they're not scraping our data anymore. The second piece is we want to make sure there's like, you know, are they creating value? Are they creating value for our job seekers, for our hires, for our learners, for our customers? Are our interests aligned, right? Sometimes you work with a partner. They want something that we don't necessarily want. And the most important, and this also is about our partnership with the product team is trust. Do we trust? And trust comes with relationship. I'm going to talk more about that because as we talked about coming off of Talent Connect, the role of AI, there is a role for relationships, right? There is a role for how we do things, and I'll talk more about that. So there's a lot of wins we could talk about. I think we had one of our best years last year, and I'm super excited about just the half we're having. But I want to talk about three partnerships that are super important to me because I think there's a great theme across all of them. And all three of these, which I'll go into in a sec, is really a great display of persistence, grit, and teamwork. And so when we have success on our BD team, it's not just the BD team doing a deal. It's not just about signing the deal. It takes, you know, kind of getting the deal is one thing, launching it, renewing it, having that relationship. These three deals were three kind of I'll call odd deals. And I'll talk about the first one, SAP. depending on who you talk to and as long as I've been here all six years SAP has been the one holdout who has not worked with us for any of our integrations and we've gone through countless cycles trying to work with them different reorgs, different teams we've tried everything and I think at the end of last year I don't know where Maggie is but we were kind of vision boarding what we call our Mount Rushmore of things we wanted to accomplish this year one, we were like okay, we're going to land Bullhorn for apply connect oh we did that last year then we're going to get oracle for apply connect we did that too and then we're like you know what we're going to get sap and this was a hard one this is probably the hardest one and we'll talk about the fourth one that's coming next but with sap this one was hard but they had a new team and we kind of sat back and we're like okay we tried all these different things what can we do different and i think the one thing we did was you know we kept every morning i wake up um barbara whitman who's our country manager germany i wake up to a nice ping that goes, hey, when are we going to sign SAP? And it's like, well, be part of the team. So we called her, we called Olivier, and we said, let's get all of our customers to call SAP and say, we really want this integration. At the same time, Microsoft just signed up with SAP too, and they started to see all our new roadmap and integrations, but guess what? They started to realize they couldn't take advantage of anything. So now you have a power of Microsoft helping as well. So again, by kind of using our own team, generating customer demand, also leveraging our relationship and investments in the Microsoft HR team. And also kind of another trick in what we do is there's a little bit of, you know, our customer demand, we drive a little FOMO, but also we use compelling events. We want to get this done before Talent Connect. I still didn't believe it when the contract came in signed. I kind of looked to myself because it's, you know, in the six years I've been here, it's been just no, no, no. And it finally was yes. And I think, you know, the persistence of not just, you know, our team getting the deal done, but the countless calls we've had to do. Dan, Tochi, I remember one three years ago, we were talking to their architect. They wanted to reimagine RSC. We're like, no. There's been a lot of different things you've had to do there. So again, just I think the big learning here is, you know, again, if we kind of use our customers, we leverage our relationships with our uncle up in Redmond, good things can happen. So again, this is a big one. So this will be RSC later this year, Apply Connect, and where's the internal only jobs. We're going to get that on the roadmap for you. Second one, Fujitsu, learning media. We traditionally haven't used partners to sell learning. And this goes all the way back to when I started because the margin profile didn't work. But when we kind of, you know, went through Valorum, we started getting some customers going, well, I want to buy learning through partners. So we were doing it kind of reactively. But you start to realize in certain countries, you have to work with partners. In France, 70% of our bookings come through a partner. when you want to break into japan um you have to work through a partner so fujitsu is not only our largest learning customer in japan but they actually want to model the behavior into their you know consulting practice with over 3 000 enterprise customers so super interesting what i like best about this story is when we first started with fujitsu um they were evaluating us and we had an event here back in may and they came to the event they had some fun they played some pickleball. But what I was paying attention to was a gentleman, Makoto-san, was sitting in the front row and he was just eyes on Jill the entire time that we were talking about the learning roadmap. And when the event ended, he goes, we're going to partner with LinkedIn. Fast forward two weeks ago, we're in Japan. I'm at a celebratory dinner with the CEO. And we'll talk more about Mr. Satake, who's now my friend, as well as a bunch of others. But it was super important for him to come back and validate not just the technology and the platform but who we were culturally who we were as people um and so much so when we were out doing our celebratory dinner he goes he won't stop talking about linkedin i want to feel that too and after a few drinks to sakes i said you should come to talent connect and he showed up um and i'll talk more about that why that's important but it was great and i think the big thing here and we had to go to Mark and say, if you want to actually, Udemy is also in Japan, Udemy has a stronghold. And our goal here is how do we disrupt Udemy in their strongest market? But what's kind of interesting here, when we think about kind of, we had to go to Mark and say, if you want to do this, you're going to have to pay a little bit more to this partner. It's a new approach. It's partner led. Salespeople don't like that because they give up control. Most internet companies want to sell direct. They don't want to work through partners. And this was convincing Mark and the sales leadership team of doing something different. So again, I think my big learning here, especially in these interesting times are in, don't be afraid to challenge the status quo. It's super easy to go, hey, we've done it this way before. It's so easy to throw in the towel and say, we tried this, try something new. So we're trying something totally new and innovative here. And I think it's more about learning and growing. And again, I'm super excited about the relationship there. Third, longtime partner, ZipRecruiter. And I'm super excited about this one because this was one where it was a legacy agreement. In fact, when I first joined, we couldn't even find the agreement. So we had to fix that. But we've had this long-standing relationship with them as our job distribution partner. They send us a lot of jobs to help us with hard-to-find jobs. And at the time, this was many years ago, but we were also trying to get on-site applied jobs, and they were getting them for free. When we had Talent Hub, they were the only board that would let our customers actually send free jobs. And so when we exited the Talent Hub business, it was like, okay, well, we kind of have to change the value exchange. And we're also giving up a lot of money. This was at a time where we wanted the most jobs corpus, but now we're thinking about free versus paid. And I think we're doing a lot of things where we did this with staffing. Hey, we're going to start like turning the spigot a little bit and reducing the free jobs. So with ZipRecruiter, we knew we were giving them a great deal, but they were helping us in other ways. We also know that as we're getting into segments, they provide us with a lot of quality traffic. So we were like, great, we're going to agree on charging them for every application we send them. Awesome. Okay, great. This is where a little bit of my naivete comes in too. It's like, let's make it happen. And someone's like, well, we got to go work with LDP. I was like, oh shit. So I realized that we're going to have to do something different. So Vatsal and I, and by the way, there's a great lesson here. We were like, okay, we can do this manually. This will be great. and you start to realize when everyone always says, like, let's just do a manual workaround. Well, guess what? Manual workarounds are hard. And I would say the toughest part of this negotiation wasn't actually ZipRecruiter. It was actually with getting this manual process and a big hat tip to Katie Locke and our finance team. But the negotiation, I was on a call one morning, there was 15 people from like tax to finance. And I was like, oh my goodness. But we made it happen. They even have a group now called the Manual Process Group. it was amazing so anyways i'm super excited because this is part of our effort that it's the tipping point of how do we start to monetize some of the free traffic that we've been giving away in markets like the u.s and namer where we don't need to we could do that in other markets where we need liquidity we don't need it here and again super excited about how we changed the kind of changed the arc of the relationship but also maintained the existing relationship we have on a paid side too. So again, quick lesson here. Manual doesn't always mean easy. Okay. And there's a lot more, I think, you know, as Megan was talking about in the previous slide, tons of momentum on integration, super important. I'll go to my next slide. I got it, Megan. I got a slide genie. Okay. And this is where I talk about where the relationship matter. Okay. And I love the picture, Dan. It's bringing me such joy, Dan. but this is but this is the point where partnerships is all of our jobs it's all of our responsibility and where it goes in this picture of dan they're smiling grinning this was something that the channel you know as our channel team put on called partner unite and we we've been doing this a couple years ago we just i talked about the one we had in may and the one in may was great because it was really the first time we got the product team together and went end to end about our product roadmap quite frankly unscripted unrehearsed but it went across seamlessly. And again, Indeed spends hundreds of thousands of dollars to ship their partners out. And the biggest piece of feedback I always get is like great location, spent a lot of money, light on content. And I'm just talking to salespeople the whole time. And I think what makes us unique is we've given our partners access to our product teams, our engineering teams. We were just at Talent Connect last week and Megan was sitting there. She goes, I've never really sat next to a partner. They don't bite. Megan had a good time. But it was great. It was great that's the one thing that really, I think, differentiates us is who we are and how we work. And everyone walked away. So, you know, a couple of pictures that I love here, you know, Dan, I appreciate Dan, not just being kind of the sponsor, showing up to every Talent Connect, but more importantly, getting on a plane, going out to Europe. We had over a hundred attendees, super excited. And what I'm excited about with channel, which people don't know, I talk about the business, our channel team, the last three years growing at 25%, 25% are direct equivalents. So these are enterprise accounts without partners are only growing at 16%. So again, we have a business here that's actually growing a lot faster. What I also get excited about is when we start looking under the hood, the partners, the customers that have partners working in their accounts, they actually have higher product utilization. Why is that important? Because the more they use the product, the more value they receive, the more value received, the more they renew, the more money we do. So again, we're entering a world where our partners, particularly as we get into, and I'll talk about that in a sec, As we get into the worlds of agents, partners are going to become even more important, especially teaching and educating our customers how to use and break through complexity. Bottom picture here, Maggie and I went out to HR Tech. This is, you know, investing in that relationship with our Microsoft friends. Big shout out also to Kara and Jill for like doing a lot of this. And this was really like having, working them along and not just understanding what they're doing, but they understand what we're doing, but then also start them starting to realize I can't take care of all that. I can't take advantage of all these things unless I have SAP. And that was their personal motivation. So they're super excited. And ironically, I think SAP is going to be one of our more innovative partners moving forward as a result of Microsoft pushing them as well. And then, you know, one thing we always do, we like to have fun with our partners. I think it's a great way for them to, you know, relax. And it's not always about work. You know, I'm leaning into, I think I've gotten a moniker of Pickleball Larry, but I'm leaning into it. So we did a pickleball event out there. And the final picture here, Mr. Satake, you know, he had a great time. And you would think, you know, he got the opportunity to, you know, was it meeting Hari? It was his most memorable event. Sorry, Hari, it wasn't. It wasn't even meeting Tober. It wasn't meeting Dan Shapiro. It wasn't meeting Mark. He even got a chance to meet Ryan. But his most memorable thing was his very first In-N-Out burger. And it was awesome. So, super, you know, just again, not only as a customer, he's a partner, but he is now a friend of all of us. And if you guys are at Talent Connect, we were kind of like, we were kind of twinning it. So, let's talk about what's next. You know, we have a lot of partner launches that are coming up. Huge ones, right? We talked about the momentum of Apply Connect. We have Oracle going out. We have smart recruiters going out, which our own HR team uses. I think on, you know, CRM Connect, we're starting to see a lot of momentum there. We're also seeing activities in the field where we're closing deals like Snowflake, like Netflix, because of CRM Connect. So that's super exciting. Driving adoption of integrations. We heard this at pre-Talent Connect, 60%. The survey done by our PMM team, I think it was 62% of customers were like, I don't want to use this unless it works with my ATS. So we have 17,000 customers using RSC. We have a lot more headroom to go. this is the call to action for our go-to-market teams to light up these customers because the faster they light them up the faster they can take advantage of the new innovations that we have we talked about channel bookings 43 of our channel bookings 275 million dollars resides in this quarter so this was great to have them not just a talent connect and see the vision but now there's you know a lot of follow-up how do we get these partners to basically lock in some of our large enterprise agreements new types of partners we've never worked with consultancies before so this is like the Baines, the Accentures, the McKinsey's. Well, when you get in the world of AI, things start to get confusing. They smell money. And it's not just about the technology. Like there's a conversation happening out there in the consultancies that we're not a part of. They think of LinkedIn as a job board. So again, the key there is how do we become part of that narrative? How do we advance their understanding of AI to make sure that when people are talking about AI transformations, they think of us as platform of choice, but also the consultancies are helping in with the change management that comes along with it. So again, a lot of great work going there. Partner P4P expansion, again, we went from zero to 9 million this year. We're gonna go 20 plus next year. There's a lot of great work. More importantly, the ASPs we're seeing from our partners, $330, like, hmm, it's better than a lot of the, you know, kind of ASPs that we're seeing in certain parts of the world for even online jobs or even from some of our existing paying customers for job slots. Great work on certs and code challenges. And again, this is really about helping, a lot of the career dev work we're doing, the winning in tech. And then finally, as I mentioned before, the fourth face of Mount Rushmore, we are going to wrestle down Workday. That's our next one, not just for Apply Connect, but for a lot of the HRIS use cases. So a lot to go there. So there's not a more important time for partnerships. And I think, again, our success is everyone in this room's success. And I think I'm going to end on a quote that, you know, Harry, you reminded me of this, of Mel Robbins. I thought it was an excellent session at Talent Connect, but it was on talent. And this is how I feel about this team that we have, our BD team, but also working together. Her quote was, it's not how good you are, it's how good you are with others. And I think that kind of embodies how we work with our partners and how we work together with you guys too. So again, thank you. that was an amazing I feel like we just had a TED talk on partnerships that was like in the best way um and I've and I've had a lot of this just knowing Larry and uh that was my second uh instance of hanging out with partners and not not I was knowing to not get bitten um uh but the the uniqueness of LTS and just all the different dynamics that go into making our products successful and making them successful for our customers never ceases to impress me. So nice job, Larry. All right. Staying in the hiring world, we're on to our SMB hires. So online jobs is
