CUDA is available.
 consider changing your first name. Is it ever? We've talked about this. I grew up as Danny and I was like, I don't know, there's so many Dans, maybe I need to go back to it. But I think I'll stick with Dan. We'll make it work, I guess. I mentioned before I have an excellent old friend, Danny. He is Danny because we had basically a Rocks and Scissors game when we were both kids, and he lost. And I took Dan. So we're going to share the Danship here with Dan Castillo and Dan Andrews. Is there other Dans on your team, by the way? No. FNL, that's right. Yeah, there's one in London. So I'm trying to think if there's anyone else. At least one other. We have a lot of dance. It's going to work out. We're going to make it. Right. All right, so we're going to do seven rapid-fire questions, and then we'll slow it down for a few more serious business-y type questions, and then we'll open it up. First thing is, a fact many people might not know about you is that you're from Kentucky. That's right. Can you share with us something about Kentucky that would surprise us? So I'm from Louisville, Kentucky. Anyone been to Louisville before? Yeah, all right. Great city. There is, Louisville has the most disgusting, you know, every city like has their own food they're known for. Louisville is probably the most disgusting thing I've ever had. It's called the hot brown. And if you go to Louisville, it is a, they'll serve it proudly to you. It's like a piece of toast, a couple slices of ham, gravy, some kind of melted cheese on top, and then more gravy on top of that. And you have to eat it with a fork and knife. But it's a really, I'm not sure how it became popular, but it is now. It is Louisville's food. So I don't ever recommend people eat it. But if you go, you'll be told that you have to do it. Don't do it. I will say, having been to Louisville not that long ago, that's not that surprising. Yeah, that's true. But it is interesting. You can look around and see that. It's a hop round. People are fans of hop rounds. So I think folks have probably figured out over the last few years that you do a lot of interviews, right? And you have for many years. You don't have to pick the absolute most, but what's one of the most surprising answers you've gotten to a question that comes to mind? Well, I don't know if this counts, but before I was at LinkedIn, I was at Fortune, I was a writer, and I did a cover story on Donald Trump when he was the—right after he started The Apprentice. I this is this was never in the story but I'd asked him I called him up and usually when you call up people you get their PR people and I called up the Trump organization and you always ask like oh can I speak to Donald Trump and you get like funneled to people and you end up in PR land but this time I actually got right to Donald Trump and I was like oh and not the fake PR yeah no I can't remember what is what the name of it or something like that as fake uh his fake identity and i told him what i was doing and writer fortune and love to do a story on you and you know would you be open to talking and he said dan not only am i not going to talk to you i'm going to sue you for libel i was like sue me for libel i haven't written one word how are you already suing me it was incredible uh so that was probably the most surprising response i've ever gotten from asking someone to do an interview that's pretty good yeah i will I'm already suing you for libel. It's cool though, right? It's cool. I'm used to it now. So we're obviously teachers here, right? We're educators. Do you have a favorite teacher from when you were a kid that stands out? And if so, why? Yeah, I had a teacher in high school who was, I guess I have two. One is Mr. Allen, who was the instructor for the journalism program. and i i felt like i was a mediocre student in high school and middle school and then i started like how are you in elementary school i was awesome and i'll get it crushed it and then i joined the paper and uh and then i was like oh this is it for me like journalism and this was this is what i want to do and um and mr allen was the advisor for that so he kind of like helped me helped me find my way in that area he was great uh and he was this is another thing about growing up in kentucky and everyone smokes or at that at that point everyone smoked all the time he was in charge of the um i just remember standing outside of his room and a pack of cigarettes and like him just chain smoking and talking about the finer points of journalism so he was awesome and then another one who was mr hemoseth who taught me how to think more deeply about things i was a very surface level thinker read a book explain what the plot of the book was and he was like no you're not he's like and he said the same thing he was like you are reporting this when you need to be thinking about what everything needs i didn't even understand what it meant at that point to think more deeply like it's beautiful and he really taught me that yeah great uh on the the newspaper front i happen to be on the uh madelon regional huskview co-ed co-editor-in-chief thank you very much i know there are other folks here like star shine star shine here um yeah who else hey star shine who else was in journalism at some point in their journey melissa just like yeah bye bye right hands and yeah i know will was in journalism for bit and also the feed if that's part of your background maybe just shout out just to share that yeah i think a lot of us uh played with words that way it's a good training it's less of a good industry but uh it's certainly a good good training right yeah it was core for me too yeah um so art is important to a lot of us uh music for me is uh as anyone who knows me knows it's kind of a central thing we haven't talked about this much you have either a best concert or a first concert you'd like to share uh or both have you just like peaked yeah I just saw, I don't know if I have a best, I've seen a lot of great concerts. By the way, Rodrigo Brancatello, if you haven't met him, he spends his life going to concerts, so it's worth asking him this question. I just went to Vampire Weekend a couple weekends ago in New York. They're from New York. It was a great show because they were, like, really celebrating their city-ness, and it was fun. I went with my, I have three boys, and I went with my middle son and my youngest. They're 16 and 11, and it was just fun being a dad, being at a concert with your kids. So that was probably, that was a great one. about a year before that I got to see this band called AJR, which my 11-year-old loves. So a lot of these are, like, it's different than the bands I love, but, like, seeing bands through your kids' eyes is really fun. And watching my 11-, then 10-year-old son, who loves AJR, singing along to every word, it was just, like, it was so, that was really cool. I had a highlight with my daughter, Susanna, who loves shows, and we go to a lot of shows together. And there's a place in San Francisco called Slims, which is now gone, but folks from the Bay Area know Slims. And one time I took her and a buddy to see a show and I went to like a bar around the corner and worked on a PowerPoint while she rocked out. And I was super happy about like giving her limbs. Yeah, those experiences are really cool. Rodrigo, first show or best show? First show, Nirvana. Yeah, first show, Nirvana, friends. Not so bad. All right. What's your favorite vacation? Could be from adulthood or childhood. I don't know. They're all, it's all nice to be away. So, um, what is the best one? I mean, for our honeymoon, this is now 20 odd years ago. We went to, uh, Bora Bora and Tahiti. That was pretty phenomenal. And, um, still think about that. That was great. And, uh, I don't know. We did, you know, I had a great, about two years ago, we took a trip with my family and my parents and my brother and sister and all of our kids. and we came up here and we did a bike trip around, a bike tour around Ojai and Cedo and Carpinteria. So it was in this whole area and it was really beautiful and fun. It continues. I've been coming down here for 15 years on and off and it continues to be sort of a shocking thing. Same thing for Grotz, same thing for Tokyo. We happen to have some really lucky, actually New York too. Yeah. Lucky places. Good places to be. One of your favorite vacations was right here basically. Yeah, it was great. All right, one more of the fast ones and then we'll get to the serious business talk. up um what is your most precious uh personal object and this is more like emotionally personally precious not financially uh what is one of i always like it's just easier to say what's a precious object i've got a um in my office at home uh i've got a sumo a a um like a statue of a sumo a sumo wrestler that my grandfather had always had his office. He was kind of a bigger man. And he and his, my grandmother had given him this sumo, and she wrote you, L.T. Roth, on his forehead. And so I, after my grandparents died, I got that sumo guy. So he's in my office. So I love that. I love seeing her handwriting on it. And what was your, what were your grandparents' names? Lou and Lee Roth. And did either of them tell you anything that you kind of cogitate on day to day? Anything that's good? I mean, my grandfather was really responsible for me going into this whole line of work. He was an accountant, or was an accountant, sorry, in Louisville, Kentucky. If you ever need your taxes done in Kentucky, by the way, Louis T. Roth and Company, highly recommend it. Louis T. Roth and Company, highly recommend it, okay. And my dad followed in his footsteps, and I think there was a thinking that one of us, my brother or my sister, would also follow in those footsteps. we didn't but i grew up hearing these stories about business and about what was going on in these companies they were working with and the sort of intricacies of building a business and losing a business buying things and losing things and i always just found the story so fascinating and it's what made me want to go into not into business but to be around this telling the stories of business so that's what i he is is responsible for pushing me in that direction indirectly so we So we didn't plan this because he hadn't seen the cards, but the next question kind of relates. As we shift into the more worky talk stuff, we're all creators. We're all trying to pull out stories from folks. I don't even know how many interviews, I guess, how many interviews have you done? Do you have any idea? Hundreds. What makes a great interview? What's part of what makes a great interview? I mean, it really depends on the medium. So I'm sure this is something that everyone in this room knows super well. but a great interview for a long-form article is very different than an interview, than a live interview, than an interview that's going to be cut up into bites and pushed out. So it really depends on, for all of us to think about what the audience wants first. For me, it doesn't really matter how much I like the interview. Is there content that's coming out of this that is going to be worthwhile to whoever is either reading it or watching it for two minutes or expects to spend a lot of time tuning in with us and being able to ask questions. The key, though, for all of this is authenticity. If I can get someone to reveal something about themselves, whether it's stories that they are diving more deeply into stories they've told before or to reveal the why behind why they do things, to show a little human body language, to reveal themselves a little bit to the viewers, to the readers, that's what I'm always trying to find. So, for instance, for This Is Working, which is a podcast about um like management how people manage how they think about strategy the what i've stopped having anyone come in unless they are willing to actually talk about like why they are doing what they're doing so when you just can't come in and be like we're doing you know our bank is not going to be doing this it's like well what's driving that for you what makes you think this and what mistakes have you made along the way so the more you can get people to be authentic and open up the better it is for the audience and that's the number one uh it's the most important thing and how's this going so far i think we're doing it okay there you go all right cheap cheap round of applause that was a smattering i think that's literally the definition of a smattering so um you've actually done a course with us years ago i think we were just saying it was six or seven years ago yeah it was a while in new york yeah can you share a little bit about what that experience was like i mean it was a long time ago so um but it was uh it was very i think what surprised me most about recording of course was how much work went into it. And I didn't realize, I was talking about my area of expertise. This was at the time where we only had long form posting on LinkedIn. I was explaining how to build your voice using long form posting on LinkedIn. And so this was like, I was, there was, at that point, there was no better expert than this than me. And when the team called me up and said, you know, when we worked out to do this course, I just assumed the camera comes. I just talked to the camera for a while. It gets pulled into a course and we're done. impressed and impressed exactly and uh and the amount of time and effort that went into turning it into individual pieces and walking people through and how you're gonna like what's going to be shown on screen and and and creating like a fake a profile to be able to show all this and um it was just it was a lot more work than i thought it was going to be and so that was what surprised and so that's one two is the amount this was so again this was a long time ago we recorded this course it's now like super outdated i can't believe it hasn't been archived at this point um but the amount of well you said you still got uh didn't you get that so i get i probably get at least once or twice a week notes from people who say hey your course was so helpful to me and thank you really much and also will you come read this article that i just wrote uh and uh it is it's really gratifying and so i sent it out to dan saying like i this is as you I obviously don't get any royalties from it, but I would assume for instructors that the feedback that you get must be worth, for a lot of them, it must be worth the value, the currency you get out of it. It feels great. Someone says, like, I spent time with you. You taught me something I wasn't able to do before. I'm now doing it. It's an awesome feeling. Yeah, I think that connection between instructors and learners is a wildly powerful thing. Yeah. I think the first time I really saw it with my own eyes was maybe 15 years ago in Santa Barbara. And I was going somewhere with Linda Wyman. Round of applause for Linda Wyman. Can we do that? There we go. And we ran into somebody whose life she changed, who she'd never met before. And he just stopped and gave her the whole spiel. And she was obviously glowing. And I've seen that happen a bunch since then. But that moment of connection is so powerful. Yeah. So you talked a little bit, I think, in the all-hands that we did the other day about, or at least we've talked a bunch about, like, where editorial came from. But I think folks don't maybe know yet how editorial is structured. Sure. This is more of a 101 sort of thing like we've been doing for you. Can you share a little bit about just what editorial looks like? Yep. So for the last, by the way, the last 24 hours we've been going over the learning 101, and it is the amount of times that Rodrigo and Amy and I have had to step back. Can you explain what that is? Go back. You're already way too advanced, so it's going to take a long time to be able to learn the intricacy. So I don't expect anyone to be able to get this on editorial, but let me give you the overview. So the editorial team started about 13 years ago as a way to build the voice of the professional world. So the idea from the beginning was how do we get people to share back into the world? So we talked a lot about the interviews I do, the interviews, or some of the team does, the interviews are really designed. That is pure marketing. The idea is just to get someone in the door who's well-known, that someone on the platform might recognize. But the real work happens at the member level. What can we do to get members to share their own unique expertise about areas that they are subject matter experts in or how they're thinking about getting through the world? And the idea is that all of the world's knowledge and all of the world's professional knowledge is in the heads of people working everywhere. If we can get it out and get it shared, exactly what this team does all the time, let everyone get smarter faster and we start connecting the world to economic opportunity. So the team is split up into, we do it by regions, and then we do it by sort of functional level. So first we do it by regions. My, people who report to me are Laura Lorenzetti, who runs all of Namer Editorial. So, and then all of our future of news initiatives, and all of our prompt engineering initiatives. So anything that kind of has to deal with the future of the team and around getting people to build their voice. then there's Sandrine Chauvin who's based in Paris who thinks about all of the non-Namer markets she runs and the reason why we do it this way as you'll know well is these are all much smaller teams that are forced to do that have to do everything that the Namer team does with much larger numbers so it's a different effort to try to manage teams in each one of these markets where you might only have two or three people in Italy or Brazil, etc. We have Courtney Koop who runs the LinkedIn Editorial Productions So that's probably the closest, maybe closest cousin to this team. It's all of our live, all of our audio and video efforts. And the team comes out of LinkedIn Learning. So the studios we have in New York was built by LinkedIn Learning. Our Whisper Room was built by the Learning Team. Dave Pond was part of this team for a long time. Antonio, who's last name? Yes, thank you. Antonio's phenomenal. and so they just think about what are we doing around anything that has to do with video and audio there is Rodrigo who handles, who's both my chief of staff and runs our team of project managers and program managers anything that is involved with sort of the foundations of making the team work and bringing it together and who am I blanking on Jesse, Jesse Hempel who does the Hello Monday podcast is a super well-known journalist, and she is like a kind of a one-man, one-person army who goes out and meets with very senior people. It gets deployed to go meet with very senior people and get them to come bring their sort of posting to LinkedIn. The way that we think about the team, so the mission of the team is to build the voice skills and community of the professional world. No, build the voice of the professional world, their new skills and community. we have always talked about doing that through the four C's. So I explained how the people are who... You literally have twice as many C's as us. Yeah, this is like, it's very aggressive. So we've got, you can create content, curate content, cultivate voices, and circulate content. I think circulate is probably the one that is... Yeah. We're going to have the most... We're pretty excited about it. Yeah. We're going to add circulate, that's for sure. So we start with, you know, create is the smallest of what the team does. So again, with the idea of building the voice, You have to think about anything that you do is how can it be done to be able to get people to talk and share their own perspectives. Create is only done with the idea of if you create something, will it get people talking? Curate involves taking all the great content, conversations that are happening on LinkedIn, packaging them up somehow, usually in what we call a storyline. So that's the whole news module you'll see on the right rail and now with a banner at the top of the feed. Cultivate is the biggest single part of the team. So the biggest chunk of the team are creator managers who I think are sort of similar to CMs here who are kind of subject matter experts and think about who are the voices they need in their particular countries to be posting on LinkedIn. We think about that as the most – they're always tied to some strategy that we're doing. So it might be get Gen Z voices, get healthcare voices, get the best voices in small business. and they just find people, train people, get them posting, reach out to them, give them ideas about what to post about, support them through the process because posting on LinkedIn is hard because your boss sees what you're saying and your future boss might see it in your colleagues. So getting people to share their voice is tough, and these people are amazing at getting people to share. And then the last part is circulate. Circulate is wild. So we send 4 billion notifications every week. Those are all targeted notifications that go to different people. Also, anything around breaking news. So like last week or two weeks ago, I think now 23andMe laid off, I don't know, 40% of the team. We sent out a notification to people who worked at 23andMe, who worked with editors at 23andMe, who worked in biotech. And then you do all this, like, targeting. And you send them notes about this. And then it takes them to a storyline which summarizes the news, which has people who put their posts up about why they're leaving 23andMe. And we do this all day long. And that circulate is really, and so it might be like, and it could be breaking news or it could be here is we know that you're a job seeker. Here are three things that you should read about today about how to improve your job seeking, you know, to be able to land a job. And just it's this constant effort to try to connect the right content to the right people at exactly the right time. And that's a really, that is something that I've never, that's been the biggest game changer for the team is that's when we started seeing real growth. So for a long time, the editorial team was the second biggest driver of growth at the company behind the growth team, which was their entire job was just to grow LinkedIn. And that felt great. We just fell to number three behind the feed team, which is the right order of things. But this idea of being a growth team is really important. It opens up doors when other teams within the company are like, oh, you can help me grow. You're helping the company grow. You can help my team grow. You can help my project grow. and you started having different parts of the company coming to you saying, what can we do together? So there's like so much goodness in there. Maybe I'll just add two quick things. So I think some folks know that I was lucky enough to go to New York six weeks ago or something like that. And I had this sort of epiphany feeling of belonging. And for anybody who was on the meeting that we did last Thursday, no, last Friday, was anybody there for the heart drop that I keep talking about? That was that moment, like where for those who weren't there, There was a moment when Dan put up a slide that talked about us collectively being the biggest and most trusted business media entity on earth, basically. And you can't really plan this without, like, everybody calling each other up or something like that and saying, on the count of three, like, a third of the people on the call just dropped their heart. And that was kind of the feeling that I had when I was in New York about six weeks ago. I met with all the people that you just mentioned. By the way, hey, Amy. Amy, do you want to maybe come over here into the camera for one sec? I realize so. You've heard about Rodrigo. Amy is our new HRBP. tip is still with us of course hey amy are you on camera is it working come on over that may have been an extraordinarily bad idea on my part amy tankersley everybody round of applause a little bit of chaos a little bit of chaos okay so while i was there sorry about that thank you amy rodrigo i won't do that to you unless you want unless you want come up and talk about nirvana it's all good okay um and i met with laura and she drew a fantastic like my favorite org chart ever uh and when i met with jesse who i've been a big fan of i think a lot of us probably are fans of Jessie's already right coming into this really fun to catch up with her yeah and we did a very fast talking sort of like 30 minute mind meld sort of thing and partway through she stopped me to say uh you sound like such a content person and the part that meant the world to me was she meant it as a compliment and I was like so that was like my moment and I was like you too you know we're content people so there's a funny thing where um there's so much common DNA but also there's enough difference between us that it becomes additive and not redundant. Like editorial is a massive cultivation and circulation powerhouse. We are a massive, I would say, curation and creation powerhouse. And then maybe the one other thing I'll say is when you talk about circulation, Dan and I have had a lot of great conversations already about this idea of, you know, we know we have ACT underway for everybody's been following like agility coverage and transformative impact. We know we have content as a horizontal underway. We know we have a win AI, win in cyber, all these efforts. We don't want to disrupt any of that. And so we have a really great understanding where we're in meetings together, and Dan will be the one to say, but yeah, we're staying the course. Unless he mentions growth of circulation, then I'll be like, maybe we'll do that thing. So, I mean, there is this opportunity when you talk about what you've been doing with circulation. That's kind of been the dream on LinkedIn Learning for 10 years to figure out how to get the right content for the right people at the right time. And this is your guys, Brent and Butter. So like the potential to pair the two together and move what we're doing forward faster is extraordinary. Yeah, I mean, you know, it has always been a source of frustration, I think, for our team, at least for me, when I've seen, to your point, like I am a content person. This is what I love being around content. I love creating content. I love, I will spend my, I said this the other day, like anytime I can spend reading or listening to a podcast, like that's my favorite thing in the world to do. and I just get such joy in getting information to me and getting information out into the world. And it's been a, you know, I've watched what this team has created for a very long time and I've seen the Simbi coming through the feed and all of us are like, oh my God, there's so much more that we could be doing here. It feels like it has been, and I've said this to Hari for a long time, it's like, just bring us together more. Like I'm telling you, There is goodness to be mined here just to keep growing what the team is already creating. So that's what I think we're going to be able to do together. I'll maybe say one last thing, and then if it's okay, we'll open it up for the Q&A part, which is, I guess it was almost 10 years ago that Tanya Staples, my former boss, your pal, called me when I was driving toward the tunnel to Alameda to say that we were becoming part of LinkedIn. And that was an interesting moment in my career where I didn't think about anything except for, wow, what if it, like it just felt immediately obvious that that was a positive thing. and i've been through some acquisitions before even with some people in this room actually that weren't at a party and this was like oh this is going to work and when i found out about this it was the same sort of thing you know we're still a hundred percent part of harry's world yeah as folks know i'm still on harry's staff meeting uh willem and amy are still joining jill's staff meeting everybody who's working cross-functionally with lts folks no stepping back from that whatsoever but the it's a cliche but the one plus one equals 75 thing really feels right so but this one thing i'm not new which is that it's not just this team that operates this is the way you're operating what you're describing is the way the whole team should work so we have a someone on the team sits with aura's team premium someone sits with search but the idea is what can how can content help grow various lines of business we want this content to be everywhere if we are going to be the biggest and most trusted professional media entity it cut that means we are everywhere And we're everywhere if other people, if we can help grow different people's businesses. So the idea of what does this do for LTS, that's essential. It's not like, oh, we're, you know, when Hari was like, Dan's got to still be on my list. It's like, of course, he needs to be even deeper into your team. And this is like, this is, and we should find more opportunities like that. But the idea is keep growing these businesses. That is how all of this work. You don't make, if you make content and no one buys it and it doesn't, it's not useful to everyone. If you drop content in the forest and no one reads it or watches it, it's not fun, right? Yeah, I've talked to some people that I come from publishing, and it's much more fun to get the book out there than not. Yeah, right. With that, I figured that out myself. That's genius. With that, Shea Hanson, would you help us navigate the Q&A? Thank you. All right. I'll start it off with a question from the feed. AI is top of mind for all of us. How do you think about AI and content? I think that this goes back to that question that we started, that Dan asked before about, like, what makes a good interview? And I think authenticity is the most crucial part of it. So if you can use, actually, let me take it back. If we are, if you think about what our mission is, We want to make sure that we are getting knowledge out to the world. The more AI can help us do that, the more we should be using it. So let's start with that. Anything that can be any technology, any tech tool that can help increase wisdom and help people connect economic opportunity, we should be using. I don't think, though, that means that using AI for AI's sake, and we've done some of this internally at the company, makes a ton of sense. You have to think about what the member needs first. What's the job to be done of the person who is coming to LinkedIn, LinkedIn learning? What are they trying to achieve? We can use AI to help them achieve that. We should be doing it. But when it comes to AI content, I think a lot of it feels like a proof of concept, let's say, where people are just putting stuff out there, but there's no soul to it. So, and I think this question of authenticity is what I would go back to, is if you can use AI to help increase, if you can use AI to help increase wisdom going out to the world, help people be able to solve their jobs, be done with it, we should be doing it. If we were doing it and it tricks people, we should never be doing it. And so I would not use, I would not lean on AI to be able to take the, you know, think that it can just replicate the human experience because I don't think it can. I was on an early call with Microsoft when we were comparing notes, and somebody there said, if you're using Gen.AI to create bulk quantities, like metric tons of content, you're doing it wrong. Yeah, that's good to hear, Microsoft. There was something that Alan, our co-founder, said in a meeting very early, right when we knew ChatGPT was coming out, but before it had been announced to the world. And we started that in Product Exec, we're having discussions about what to do with this and how to think about it. And it's a room full of technologists. People are getting very excited about the possibilities of scaling with this. And Alan said, look, I didn't start this company to... I started this company to help people get good jobs, better in their jobs, and achieve what they want to achieve. And I didn't create this as a company to be able to just push technology. And AI is going to push people out. It's going to displace people. That's not the goal here. LinkedIn needs to be a place for people. People are at the center of what we do. AI is not at the center of what we do. AI can help people. That's great. But we're not going to put AI first. And I was talking to Alan afterwards, and he said, you know, this is, he was like, as a co-founder, one of the things that you, he's like, I don't have a team. I don't have, you know, I don't have a lot of levers. But what I, as a co-founder, what I can do is be the soul of this place. That's one of the duties of being a co-founder. And I thought that the time that he decided to use his soul to talk about where to apply AI and where not to was really, really powerful. It got an impact on all of them. I'm going to share a very quick Alan Blue anecdote, if that's okay. I was just at Talent Connect about two weeks ago, and I was getting clips as part of this that I'm going to share around of various people saying why learning matters so much. And Alan Blue was kind of just hanging out by himself at a table, and I wandered up and chatted with him, and he filmed a clip that I'll share with everybody. But later on, I checked it out, and he was just doing that for a while, just sitting there waiting for people like me to get up the guts, come talk to him, and make them comfortable. He's such a sweet human being. Yeah. And I think what we've got with content development is a big portion of the humanity of the company. Absolutely. Yeah. The human element. We have a question from Natalie who's in an open office, so I'm asking for her. Do you see opportunities to collaborate between the content teams, like sharing leads, bringing LinkedIn learning instructors and the news team and vice versa. Yeah. First, before I answer that, I want to just go back to one thing that you just said about this idea of the humanity. You know, I think that it is really, I'm sure this team, I haven't seen this yet, but I'm sure this team does it, which is the more that we can talk about what the individual experience is, it's one of the unique things that on the editorial side, and again, I think this is probably true of the entire content development team, is we have more touch points with our users than any other team does. and bringing the humanity of that into meetings is really important. To say, here is what creators are telling us. Here is what's working on the site and here's what's not. Here's what people like and what they don't like. Here's the success people have had. And you don't see a lot of teams have, everyone has the same data, but they don't have access to the individuals. And so the more that you have in your back pocket anecdotes about, you know, data is important also, but data plus anecdotes is really what helps win arguments. and the stories are what people remember. So I love having the data, but really like the human experience, if you're hearing from whatever you're hearing from your instructors and from your learners, that is what is going to carry the data. And I would just remember like it's unique and it's worth. And I think I'm talking from my own experience here, but because I think like early at one point on LinkedIn, I was just like, I don't know if there's any value in these stories. I keep hearing these stories and I love hearing what people are telling about their experience. but I'm in meetings that's all about just looking at charts all day and numbers growing and and then I realized what people were remembering were the stories I would hear people saying them in other meetings also like oh this is actually this is sitting with people so I think over the years we've been better at that yeah honestly like specifically like I'm looking at Jeff Layton here in the front row Shea Hanson has mentioned the same thing we used to bring a little bit more of like voice of learner into our conversations uh and it wouldn't be a bad time I would start Yeah, Jeff and Shib and others have been bringing that up. So we can think maybe collectively about the ways to bring that to life. Yeah. Sorry, I totally forgot the question. What do you think about open offices? Oh, no, the question is how can we work together? Yes, I think there's a lot of opportunities. But to go back to what Dan said, we are not going to announce any of those today. I would say this all starts with just relationship building. So if you work in an office and you see people who are on the editorial team and you've always wondered what they do or if you've gotten coffee, now's a good time to get lunch, get more coffee, just spend some time together. Ask them what they do. And if there are things that you can do that help achieve what your current goals already are and are on your roadmap, just start talking about them. But there is nothing in the same way that you would talk to anyone to be able to achieve your goals and the current path that you're on. But what you're not going to hear today is any kind of new priority or new strategy that we're doing or new ideas about how we're going to join together. But I would say just start building those relationships, build that connective tissue. To what Dan was saying earlier about Jesse's point is we have so much in common. You'll find there is so much in common on the editorial side. And I should say on the content PD side, we'll also join as part of this new team. So just spend time getting to know people. Reach out. This is like a team. As you saw on that Friday meeting, it is a team of people who like to talk. So just, I don't think we're on Slack here, right? Some people are, but most are on Teams, yeah. So editorial side is mostly on Slack, but they are also on Teams. Just reach out to them however you want, Teams, email Slack, LinkedIn, whatever it takes, and just find time to get coffee, virtual coffee, whatever it is. I would start there. Yeah, I totally agree. So some folks know I have a weird habit of when I strongly agree, I shake my head no. Oh, yeah. And when I slightly agree, I shake my head yes. So I don't even know what I do when I disagree. I guess I go up. But when you said, like, relationships, that's such a great call-out. So I'd add to that. We are working with editorial today, and we actually have been for years. Pete Myers, for example, if Pete's on the call, has regular meetings. We've been bringing content in. We've been sharing instructors. But I think that's such a great call-out. we could use the next stretch just to get to know each other so actually yeah 100 relationships matter here right yeah indulge that that instinct and maybe logistically i'll share that there is the beginnings of plan for um our leads to go out to new york in january we're going to do a brainstorm session which is not the same thing as a let's make a list of things to do session it's just like an ideation session and then from that we'll probably pick a small number of things especially things that might help us with circulation and growth and that's like what will add to the recipe for H2. If you've got ideas, that's fantastic. Spencer, if you've got an idea right now, that's fantastic. But we're going to try and ease into it a little bit because on both sides of this larger content development team, we have super critical things to do. And this moment, like Q2, is usually one of the most intense products in the year. So we don't want to break it. Spencer. Actually, you know, we should probably say for folks asking questions, say who you are and what you do. I should have done that before. My name is Spencer. I'm a producer here. I'm curious. there's a lot of overlap and a lot of commonality between the teams. In your guys' conversations and talks over the last few weeks, have you noticed any differences or areas that we approach things differently and how can that inform each other to grow both teams? Is there anything that... I mean, I have one, which is this super positive one. It's about growth. We really just started thinking about the idea of what can we do in content to directly steer the ship of engagement? right, in the last few months. I think you've been thinking about that for the last few years. Like that's one of the first things we talked about was, I think if I can quote you, you said about three years ago, you started to shift the editorial team to that mindset where earning people's attention is part of the equation. We've largely, you know, until now, had a mindset of we make extraordinary content. It does drive the lion's share of the engagement, but the engagement machine is somebody else. So I think that's one difference that they've been, editorial's been on that journey for a bit. And we're kind of joining at a really nice time. We're headed that way too. Anything else come to your mind? Yeah, the only thing I would say is that this team powers one line of business at LinkedIn. And I think that there is, which is, learning is the business for LTS. The learning content is the business for learning. And so you have to be single-mindedly focused. But there is real value in powering other lines of business also. And there is value. This content should be other places as well. And it's available in other places. I think the more that we can, one of the things that we realized early on is that editorial is a horizontal team. And so even though I sit with flagship leads, we spend most of our time dealing with the flagship team. I've never seen that as being a barrier to where else we can be taking our content and creators and circulation efforts. And so we do it with the growth team and with premium and with LMS. We built this, we worked really closely with LMS on monetizing this content. We're the earliest team to really do that. And I think that that is, that's one area where we're learning. Hasn't had to think about that, but there are, there are sort of gold in the hills elsewhere. And I think that's, it's going to be a fun thing for us to explore. I think watching the clock, maybe we'll go slightly long and take a couple more questions. Is that cool? Anybody who has to head out, we will not even pay attention. We'll just look the other way. Michael, who are you and what's on your mind? My name is Michael Satter. I'm on the content technology engineering team that helps out a lot of these content teams create content. Yes, that's right, all across the globe. I'm particularly interested in how content is monetized and I noticed that CKO, there's some content, live content that's being gated behind premium, which is fantastic. Can either of the Dan's maybe share a little bit of the strategy or ideas behind maybe introducing some of the live content into your particular lines of business like live this is uh so this is a a new uh uh effort that i'm really excited about called the era it's called project eras as in taylor swift exactly so the the thinking was there is a um you know we know people like being at live events as taylor swift proved that there is some joy in being around other people who are doing the same things that you're doing and celebrating in the same way. And while LinkedIn Live, there's been live opportunities on LinkedIn for a long time, they haven't really been great. But we thought, what if we create events just for premium members? So right now when you go on premium, premium is a huge business for LinkedIn, really fast growing, and but it's a transactional business. You come in, you join while you're looking for a job, find a job you can end your premium membership 90 of premium members churn after the first month that data right right something like that uh maybe it's after the first three months yeah that's it i think it's three months it's crazy we can say a lot and we'll hang our hat on a lot of people's churn yeah okay right okay but this one is a that's not a for a um for any kind of a subscription business i guess we know this much better than i do but it's not you you want that number to come down and so the question was could content be a way to do that if we if you knew that the next month you're on your third month and you're thinking about churning but you know the next month you have an opportunity to sit with cheryl sandberg and ask her questions maybe you'll just extend for one month there is a lot to the money to be made first of all there's a lot of member value to put everything in member value first if you can do that it can help you be a better leader to hear from cheryl sandberg that's awesome we want to be able to do that fall in love with premium but also you might not churn for another month if you know branson's coming the month after that you might stick around for branson also so it's both a uh a anti-churn or retention plus a um a sign up opportunity for us so we're putting a lot of efforts into that aura who leads the premium um opportunity is just presenting it right now in a three-year vision to to Dan and Ryan. And- That's the other Dan. Dan Scherrer. Yeah, that's the one. Also, add him to the mix. So I think there's a ton of opportunity there. We're just getting started. It's already producing really amazing returns. But I think there's a lot of room. Without saying, again, we're not changing any room. That's nothing new here. But I think there is a lot that can be done. Well, no, one of the people driving that, or maybe the person is Maya Pope- Is that right? Who's in Oakland, so an East Bay friend of mine. Yes. We've known each other for years. for months about the way that learning can be part of this. So this is not even a change. This is more like something like Shay and myself and others have been talking about for a while with our friend Maya. So I think that's some of what we'll see in H2 is less like this changes everything, bold ideas, and more like this is obvious, we should do this. Scott. Yes, super excited. Hey guys, I'm Scott. I'm one of the directors here in the live action team. Way back in the day when I started at Linda, it was very clear who our audience was. It was creative people like myself. And I think as we've grown over the years, we had Dan over to live action for coffee. And he's very clear, like, well, we are a B2B company. That is the content we make for that audience. And I think Dan, when, you know, joining the editorial and learning more about this, it's very clear who the audience for the editorial team is. How do you guys think about audience now that we are talking about sharing different in terms of this B2B and our actual members engaging in that side of things? I might start with that one. That's a better question for you. Yeah, just to say, nice to see you, by the way, Scott. So that has been our clear focus for many years of B2B, and especially over the last year or two, partly because we could not quite figure out how to unlock the goodness of premium. Premium is really our B2C, our individual option. And we've been included in premium for years. and we tried to figure out ways to kind of be valuable enough to premium that we could be part of their strategy. I think we do stay squarely focused on professionals, professionals in organizational setting. But I think this shift does give us the opportunity to kind of stretch a little bit. And we'll stretch a little bit into a premium, I think, because in partnership, we'll figure out how to unlock some of that. And then I think where we do things that are free, I mean, we do some stuff that's free today. We'll do it in support of those efforts. So still, please, let's stay squarely focused on the organizational learner. But I think you're not right if the question behind the question is, does this change things a little bit? If we do it right, it should open up more B2C opportunities. What I'm bringing up is that really helped, to be clear. Ah, gotcha. And so I think if you're like, hey, this might be a free course, this might be for this other stuff, if that's clear to us, making the content, making the decisions as we go through, that's going to help us make the right decisions for that audience. If I could ask, let's stay squarely focused on professionals in an organizational setting and know that there will be some projects, like maybe Nano or something like that, And we should always be asking that exact question, Scott, which is like, who is this for? So kind of default is organizational setting. But I think we're going to stay open to if we do learning is everywhere, right? There may be some opportunities across LinkedIn to have a little bit of a different angle to it. That makes sense? Yeah, that makes total sense. I mean, I think this is a, going back to the AI question, this is a critical time of change for professionals everywhere. And I think all of our jobs are being impacted by AI. It's going to change what's required in our job. going to change whether our jobs exist uh whether how companies compete with each other allow all kinds of new startups the more that we can i just i interviewed the ceo of pwc a few months ago and they had done a survey and of of ceos and something like 70 of ceos were worried that their companies wouldn't even exist in five years i was like that number is crazy he said i'm really worried about the 30 that think their companies will exist in five years i was like wow that's That's really powerful. But I think this idea of how can you help upskill and help people move around within their companies is really critical. So I love the B2B focus. I think the B2B focus enables us to have this, to think about who we can help the most in this time. To Dan's point, I think there's a lot that can be done around how we merchandise this kind of and let people know that it's available to them, even just within their company. and help instructors make sure that they are building an audience, that there are people who are seeking out their courses because they're posting about what they're doing. So this is like, we don't have any plans for this. We'll figure this out. A little hanging fruit to me is getting instructors to become much more visible on LinkedIn, sharing freely ideas. Maybe they're not even their courses, but enough to be able to build their personas so that people, when they see them on LinkedIn, they're like, oh, I know this person. I already follow her on LinkedIn, and now I want to go spend three, five hours with her because I know I'm going to learn from it. So that's what I'd love to see us doing more of, and we're going to figure out plans for how to make that work. Sounds great. Thanks, Pat. Grabbing a question from Guzman. Looking at the speed of growth on the editorial team in the last few years, what's the secret sauce to accelerate growth of a team in LinkedIn? Before we do that, Che Hanson, who is Guzman? Guzman, director of content strategy for Spanish and Brazilian Portuguese. Hey, Guzman. I'm on the line. You can see him over there. Oh, hey, Guzman. The secret of growth has been growth. So the key is showing that you can grow the business, and the growth has come with that. We made a pretty extensive, a few years ago, we knew that we had to increase the inventory of content on LinkedIn. We needed many more people posting way more often in order to meet our ambitions. And it was, and so I put up a pretty big, put together a plan for what it was going to take to be able to grow our creators on LinkedIn, what we needed to do globally, put together an entire P&L for this, went to, Rodrigo was heavily responsible for that. We put together a plan and went to James, our CFO, and basically presented why we were the team that should be leading the creator efforts. And it was, at the time, not obvious that it should be the editorial team, exactly how this was going to work, what the ROI was going to be, what we needed to do to build this. And the company said, yeah, that makes total sense, invested in it and it's been uh exceeded what the that roi was was uh had shown at the time so that helps the the entire editorial team so when i started we were you know for the first year we were like five people and then and the growth came from we were doing the daily rundown which is the daily update on what the sort of news you need to know today that was started as an internal email. Jeff Wiener was like, our former CEO, said, you know, I'd love to, now that I've got a bunch of journalists on the team, I'd love to know what I should be knowing today. So Katie Carroll in London, now in London, was putting together this daily update for him, basically, and then started extending to other execs, like what you need to know today. And then a PM named Rishi, who now runs the feed, recent Boomerang, was on the growth team at the time. He had this idea. He was like, look, I think we need to, in order for us to grow, we know people come to LinkedIn when they see that badge, that red badge. This was a long time ago. And he said, if we, but not, we don't have enough content to be able to give everyone the red badge. He said, I want to give everyone a badge every single day on LinkedIn. And he was like, I don't know what content to serve them. And he looked around. He was like, hey, can you do this daily rundown for everybody in the world? I was like, yeah, yeah, no problem. And then, and no idea how to do it. And then we started putting together the plan for what kind of a team would be required in order to be able to make a daily rundown around the globe. And so we grew. We went from five to, I think, about 25 people within six months for that plan in order to make that. And you can see, like, if you look back on LinkedIn's early days, we were growing at a straight line. Hockey stick growth once we started the daily rundown for everybody. So that was the power of a PM saying, I know what you guys are already doing. I already love your content. Can we do more? and immediately saying, yes, we want to be part of that growth. I'll tell you what I've seen watching your team, the editorial team for the last several years, is this is a team that has kind of taken its destiny into its own hands. This team, this is a protagonist team, right? And I feel like in the last year or so, that's sort of the mindset that we've been taking too. And I think in some ways, you know, Chachupiki and everything disrupted things so much before that COVID and, you know, pulling out the studios. All these disruptions have led us to this moment where we also have that in our dna of we are going to be like the protagonist of our story so like we're kind of running in that direction you guys have been running you folks have been running in that direction for a while that's part of what i think that's why when you and i come back to growth it's like that's in the dna of editorial and i think that's like the in the i don't know the mindset of learning content right well i think that like i don't know whether this is true whether this i'll tell you my own personal story here which is that i used to think the content spoke for itself. This was when I remember when I was a writer and I would write my amazing magazine stories and I would disappear. I would never tell my boss what I was doing. I like act very independently. And when I joined LinkedIn and my brother who was came out of Goldman and was like much more corporate focused, like you're gonna have to start telling your boss what you're doing. I was like, no, I don't, please, you know, they'll see, they'll see the great work that I do and that'll be enough. And I realized that that was completely wrong and that you have to be a powerful voice for what you're doing, where you want to go, taking people along. This is like one of the skills I know that are most in demand is persuasion, learning how to be persuasive in audience to help other people solve their own problems, using what you're doing to help solve other people's problems. That's become a critical unlock. And it required a real mind shift, change for me. Perfect timing. And also, Rodrigo, I think we're going to go to one last question. is that right hey all you got first of all thanks for having us here like we're having the time of our lives learning so much and it's only for the past 24 hours we've learned so much it's only one percent or less than that of everything that we have to learn about learning and that's the coolest part i will use the conversation about growth to set up my question to youtube so i think one of the things i'm saying this not because dan is my boss and hr is here but also one of the probably one of the best things of working with Dan is that we have the luxury of failing with a TORO. We fail a lot from you know a hundred things that we do one of those things are going to work it's fine and then we keep doubling down so ERAS the example that Dan Roth used actually is the second time that we're trying to do something with premium we learn a lot from the first initiative we're learning a lot from ERAS probably ERAS is going to be something different from one year now but we know that that's the coolest part we're going to get the best things and the things that are working and keep creating new things. Same thing with growth. We have done a lot of notifications that didn't work, and then we learned how to do targeting. So that is one thing that helped create culture. You both, you have huge orgs. And sometimes you take it for granted, the part of the culture and team morale. And I think we saw that it was tangible during the all-hands, when everybody was like, this is so cool. Like, I think it was Jodi. Sorry for saying this out loud, but she's like, These are my people. I think it was the feeling from both teams. Like, hey, I see myself reflecting on that other team. Is there anything, I would say from Dan, one thing that helped me is that he keeps repeating the idea of, like, assume best intentions when you're working with others. What are the tactics that you two have used in the past to create this culture of the team that both parts should be learning from each other? Sure. I mean, a lot of this culture was here. I've been here for a little bit. A lot of folks have been here for a little bit. And a lot of this culture was here before I got here, even the first time. Folks know I got here in 2009, went to Video2Brain, we got acquired back. When I showed up in Grotz, there was a super similar culture. And so first off, I think I see myself as trying to nurture that thing and protect that thing. Maybe the biggest thing is often to say it out loud, right? Like a culture needs to be spoken. We talk a lot like when we recruit. We talk about finding folks who are nice and smart. I talk about that in interviews all the time. I let people know that we're collectively ambitious. That's another, for me, key phrase I kind of come back to. And you get to a certain point where it's like reinforcing. You know, I think you can get to a toxic tipping point or to a really positive tipping point. I think what's magical about this community for me, and then I'll throw to you, is the fact that for a lot of reasons, It's a super, it's a very humane community. It's a very empathetic community. A lot of that's hardwired into the nature of learning and working with creators and, you know, making content and the way that we collaborate. And it is an extraordinarily badass community. I think it would be extremely, it'd be a lot simpler to either be badass and kind of savage, you know, or to be really empathetic. and kind of enjoying the job and trucking along. And it's that power. I think the collective ambition across the global collective ambition, the instinct for helping, the instinct for collaboration, it's very, very rare that any of us, I think, has seen like a snaky moment is the lingo I used to use growing up. And I think, again, when you get to a certain point, it sort of reinforces itself. So I just try to be a steward of that. I think all the leads try and be a steward of that. And I think all of you are stewards of that. and I think what motivates me is it was here before I got here and I want to make damn sure that it's here long after me. I think for me it's probably the mission. The mission solves a lot of, helps everyone stay aligned around the globe and it solves a lot of problems. What I mean by that is you can do a lot, you can experiment a lot, you can take a lot of chances if you know why you're doing it. But if you think about like, is this solving the member need to be able to help stay informed, to gain skills, to be able to build community? It starts with the member. You can, when you get together as a team, it's easier to assume best intentions when you know everyone is thinking about the mission first. And there are a lot of things that you do that aren't going to work, but if you're doing it with the idea in mind of, like, is this actually helping people to do one of those things, then it was worth taking that effort. And it also helps. Like, there are things that we could do that would be, that would grow. There are things that we could do that would benefit our metrics, but would not serve the members. There's an example of this. There's a new banner, a news banner that shows up at the top of the feed. And it says, like, hey, here's what's going on in your, you know, it's like, we're on breaking news. We're at the market close. There's a lot of stuff that we could put into that banner that would drive a click. And we could, but it's not worth it to the members. So we can, and you can ruin teams by pushing them down some of these bad, into doing bad habits to be able to grow numbers. But when you have this mission-driven effort, it makes everyone realize like it's not worth it. We'd rather take the hit. It's funny, I hadn't thought of it until you said that quite this way, but I think for both teams, for the larger team, there's this art of being great at the long game and maybe the short game. Yeah. Like being nimble and agile, and as you were saying, Retriego, trying things, failing, learning from them, but also keeping in mind the long-term value. Because if you do one or the other again, you kind of bend or break it. We're a bit over. I think maybe I'll throw to you, Dan, for last reflections. First of all, just a huge thank you for these last 24 hours, for being able to spend all of this time. A lot of people, I'm sure, missed a ton of work and had to put in late nights because we were forced to sit in a conference room with me and Rodrigo and Amy and explain. Amy, come on down. That's what he said. Every time you say your name. And so I really appreciate all of the just kind of giving us the explainer. But a really much bigger thank you for everyone for doing all of the incredible hard work that you do. I know that this is not, you know, LinkedIn sometimes is not an easy company to work within. We are, I think, unique in being a, to your point, like saying you're a content person is a positive. That's not always, like it doesn't always sometimes feel that way at LinkedIn. and this team has really been able to keep its unique culture, really focus on being the world's best place for learners. You can see it in the numbers. You can see it in the success in the market. You can really see it in the content. And so it feels like there's a ton of pride in all of the effort that everyone does for this product around the globe. And I'm appreciative of that, and I'm just really appreciative that this announcement of the new team has been met with so many people leaning in. I think there is it is very we've spent a lot of time beforehand talking about the change curve you know we feel like in HR has incredible beautiful decks that are set up to help understand what it takes to move people through change and everyone does it in their own way and so we're prepared for all and it's totally understandable human psychology like it would make sense that all of us would have a hard time with this some people in different ways and what I've seen is like that change your scenes we've gone and then it's like all right this is the new normal got it I've told you, Tomer and Hari told me in the news maybe two weeks ago or something, and they were looking at my face to figure out my reaction. And halfway through, I kind of jumped in to say, I'm in, I'm in. It's good. So I think you're right. So I didn't need to draw, but I think there was that quick reaction of like, this makes sense. So I just died really. I'm super appreciative of that. And I think we have so much fun and excitement ahead of us. And we're just going to keep growing this great team and the great operation and really the impact we have on the world. So that's what I'm most excited about. I have to remind myself, we just announced this thing Thursday. We did that hard drop, all hands, Friday. When Dan and I first started talking, you were pretty quick to know you wanted to come out here. And you wanted to come out here to learn. Yeah. So we're a learning team. Appreciate that. Appreciate the time you were at Trico. Amy, Amy, come on down. I put in. And Cornelia Bather on short notice flying all the way from Grants. Round of applause for Cornelia Bather. Hi, Ana Paula. Hi, everybody on the international team at the Strange Hours. Hi, Joel Fugisato up north. Thanks, everybody in the room. thanks to the amazing crew for putting this show on danelle becky everybody tito thanks a lot and thanks dan and we will see you all soon all right and then look for a man i think we're supposed to do this now right and then we go yeah thank you you're very good at that yeah yeah yes sir yeah Yeah, yeah, yeah, 141-70-773.
