CUDA is available.
 Do you wear a mask during? No, but I have a bad cold so I'm not... Oh, okay. So her voice sounds really cool. Yeah. Yeah. I'll leave that up for now. How are you today? Pretty good. Can I see your hands? My hands are cold. Let me take a look here. I want you to just relax your arms for me. Just relax here. Okay, so get into your chart here John. Sure. Well, it's that time of year, you know, for colds, I guess, you know, there's some COVID stuff circulating. I did have a COVID test yesterday. It was negative. Was it good? Yeah, you should always have a few of those home tests around. Because COVID can look like anything. Yeah, I know. All right. Well, we got together by phone, I think, in August. So we had gone through the antidepressant trials and sertraline work that caused some urinary retention. Then we went to sertraline work that caused urinary retention. We then went to sertraline. and we moved the dose around a little bit and settled, I think, on 100 milligrams. Yeah, that's right. But then in August, there was some increases in agitated behavior, and I thought we should start a low dose of risperidone. Did we do that? We did, and we discontinued it because of the side effects. What were the side effects? Boy, it's been a while. You called me. I did? Okay. Yeah. You called me and we decided to just continue. Yeah, we had e-visits and I didn't look at the e-visits. Hold on a second here. Let's look real quick and see if there's something. One of the talents you have to have as a doctor is to know where to find the information. I see a couple of e-visits and they were for insurance questions. Here's a telephone visit. You might have tried to call me. I did an e-visits. I'm not real technologically advanced either. No, that's okay. He was leaning to his left side and was very weak and fatigued. I have some extra notes from that. So my sister was with him and he was playing piano. And yeah, he was leaning to the left and needed help walking. very slow and very fatigued and you know for about three days because it was over the weekend. We were checking to see if he had a stroke and you know. So he wasn't on it very long. This was like the day after right Mom? Oh really? Yeah. He started on a Thursday and then went to play piano on Friday. He did have another situation like that recently, last week in fact, when he fell three times at Martin Lutheran. Yeah, well, I wouldn't expect it within a day, but I suppose it could happen. But certainly this kind of Parkinsonism, so postural instability, rigidity, slowness, could be caused by the medicine. So the medicine was stopped. And Jerry, you were saying there was another episode? Yeah, recently, like last week, he was playing piano at Martin Luther Manor, and they told me when I came to pick him up that he had fallen into a chair. Oh. And then as we were leaving, you fell again. And you fell at home later in the evening. Yeah, okay. Last week several falls. Can I see you stand up for me, John? Sure. How do you feel on your feet? Do you feel pretty good? Good. Let's have you stand right here. Why don't you stand and put your feet right where my feet are, okay? Just facing your son here. And I'm going to stand behind you, and I'm going to pull back on your shoulders, okay? As if to knock you off your feet, and I want you to maintain your balance. Now, you're not going to fall. I'm right behind you, but I just want to see if you can maintain your balance. Okay. You ready? Yeah. Here we go. Yeah, that's it. Now if you have to take a step backwards, that's fine. Oh. Here, come out here. Let me see you walk a little bit, John. He doesn't use a chain. No. John, just walk down the pathway here. Just here. Pretend I'm not watching. I'll be right behind you here. Okay. I'll relay some of the more detailed notes about dad falling when he comes back. But I'd love to join a PCP visit too, next time you have that for dad. Yeah. I'll see what he says about blood tests and so forth. Maybe I think that's a good one. It makes me wonder about his cardiologist whether he's going to stay safe. Well, the blood pressure could be part of that. Yeah. The blood pressure is a little bit low here. Yeah. Is he drinking plenty of fluids? Probably not enough, and I'm not either, so we could increase that. Like what fluids you're talking about? Water. Water. He used to drink a lot of water, but you don't drink as much as he used to. Do you drink any alcohol, speaking of fluids? One beer a night. One beer a night. Yeah. How are the behaviors? He's agitated as the day goes on. Sundowning, I think. A little confusion. Yeah. now these air and forgive me maybe we've talked about this but is there a he's not I don't have anyone a standard Alzheimer treatment didn't epizil rivastigmine or galantin is there a reason for that Well I think we tried one of them was it galantin? Denephazil is usually the most common one. I feel like we tried the denephazil. Did we? I don't know it's random. Denephazil is the most commonly prescribed of the three. Do you remember why it was stopped? Oh it was the side effects. I don't remember what they were because this was like the first thing I think that you So I started it. Let's see. If I started it, then maybe I can get a sense here. So we started September, what? You were one of my first patients here. Yeah. Did I tell you? Yeah, that was after Dr. Rosenblum had left. Yeah, let me try again. I know that was a fiasco. Let's see here. I may very well have. Let's see. Forgive me. I'm just going to work right through the video. I'll pass that on. Alrighty. We were mostly managing the anxiety and trying to find something that worked better for John as I'm reading these. So I'm just looking to see... Nobody took him off the Venlafaxine because of urinary retention. This is an uncommon side effect. So I'm not seeing that I ordered Dinefazole, but... That one does not sound familiar. Okay. It looks like we've been dealing with these other problems. But, you know, the thing I would just like to say here is that the standard Alzheimer treatments, typically in the context of fairly minor behavioral problems, can be of benefit and can be helpful. And it might be the place to start here. I think the reason that I didn't bring this up in the past was because the perception was that the problems are maybe a little more serious than what a therapy like Benephazil would manage. But that may be a good place to have a conversation about that option. So is that to aid with the anxiety? Well, let me explain. So these are FDA-approved medicines for Alzheimer's disease. And they're marketed as kind of memory pills, but they don't really help that very much. What I'd like to refer to them is as neuropsychiatric medications, meaning that they treat some of the behavioral components that can accompany Alzheimer's disease. And the things can be anxiety, apathy. Folks who take these therapies generally function better, maybe feel more like themselves. And along with those benefits, there can be mild improvement in depression, anxiety. Sometimes the cocosis can get better. But if we look at kind of a standard approach to these problems, typically, empirically, I would tell physicians to start with one of these therapies and then see. They can help sundown. Okay. But I think we're at a point here, Jerry, where, I mean, we've done a lot of things with a number of medication trials, and things aren't really bearing much fruit here. It might be best just to go back to the basic approach here, which would be one of these treatments. Now, there are three of them. They're called acetylcholine esterase inhibitors. They're medicines that elevate the concentration of a chemical in the brain, among other things. They do a lot of things. But this chemical is called acetylcholine. The three medicines are denepazil or aricept, rivastigmine or exelon, and then cholantamine or razedine. They're generally considered to be in the same class of medicine therapy but they're not really the same chemical class and they don't do the same thing on the brain. So this idea is kind of a marketing concept. We generally would choose one of these three and then see. Sometimes, John, people feel more like themselves on a therapy like this. Patients or families sometimes notice improvements as well in terms of motivation and engagement, spontaneity, that kind of thing. One can also realize improvement in some of these behaviors. Now, albeit, they tend to be, when they're effective, the behaviors tend to be fairly relatively mild. They're not real serious problems. But given the kind of challenges we're having with standard antidepressant antipsychotic therapies, not that we can't find things that work, but my goodness, I mean, he's leaning to the left after one day of risperidone. Now he's falling repeatedly without it, so we've got something going on. And I think the idea of maybe blood pressure is something to be mindful of. But an Alzheimer treatment shouldn't cause Parkinsonism. There sometimes can be tremors associated with them, but they shouldn't cause people to be falling down. I mean, we should be able to tolerate this therapy. Now if there's a question about whether you've received an epizole and whether it was problematic for you, I would suggest that we trial a medicine called rivastigmine and that if we can, we give you a patch form of the medicine. So you don't take a pill, you put a patch on once a day. And every day at the same time you take the old patch off and put a new patch on it, and move it around the shoulder. It's about the size of a dime. Rivastigmine, in theory, well, I should say maybe in practice, seems to cause less tremors than denephazil does. About 5% of people who take these medicines, John, have gastrointestinal side effects. Nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, stuff we don't want. The majority of people don't have that. The manufacturer, and all three of the medicines have this side effect, and it's all about 5%. So most people don't have it. The manufacturer of rivastigmine does not believe, the last I read, believe that side effects are less common with the patch form of medicine, but I think in clinical practice we think it is better tolerated. So you get a slow release of the medicine over 24 hours. This also, I think, can be maybe of some benefit with respect to treating sundown, in that getting medicine throughout a 24-hour period. So I might suggest maybe we try that, and then at the same time we work on fluid intake. Fluid intake is a very difficult problem for a lot of us as we get older. And the reason is, for guys, one, they don't want to be drinking a lot of fluids at night so they don't have to be going to the bathroom all night long. But two, thirst drive diminishes as we get older. So if you're an older adult and you're drinking only when you're thirsty, you're dehydrated. I used to drink a lot more water than I can help. And if you're dehydrated, there's a risk of falling. And you're also on lisinopril and etanolol. Medicines generally treat blood pressure. and all of that can contribute to things like confusion, falling. Now, the transdermal rivastigmy shouldn't be a problem with respect to any of this unless it causes you to have stomach upset, nausea, vomiting, that kind of thing. Obviously, if you're not feeling well on the patch medicine, you should stop the patch medicine. I don't burp up. Oh, good. Well, we hope that stays that way. So, you only had one day of the risperidone, so we don't know whether that could... No, he had a week of it. Oh, he had a week of it? Yeah, he had a week of it. Okay. So, do you remember when he had it, push aside the tiredness and the leaning and all of that, were the behaviors bad? No I don't think so. Okay so that didn't get bad. He called me and I think we've made the decision over the phone to discontinue. Right but you didn't see anything that was showing improvement with respect to behavior? No. No not that I recall. So and the behaviors are irritability and some confusion in the evening. He tends to fixate on our investments and the car, we're down to one car, and the questions kind of... And that gets him upset. Yeah. Okay, I actually agree with this. Okay. With the Risperidril, I do remember, Mom, because it was over the weekend, and Friday, you know, he was leaning and doing that stuff, that we decided to go off it on Sunday. Although, you know, talking with a nurse on that Friday, she was like, we may take you off this. But we kind of made the executive decision there just because we weren't sure what was going on. You did the right thing. I'll tell you if there's a medicine I prescribe that you can't stop. Now with the patch medicine, again if you're not feeling well with it, you can stop it. If you've been on this medicine for a while, let's say a few months, stopping it or missing a dose can cause confusion and you can see it come on within a few hours. With Danepazil, the therapy that maybe John had been on, we don't know, with that therapy it would take generally a few days. But this medicine gets out of the system really fast. If you don't like the way you feel on this, you take that patch off, they'll be gone in a few hours. That's rivastigmine? Yes. So it's important to put the patch on, the new patch on, at the same time every day. If the medicine creates improvements, we can see the time course in one of two ways. is that immediately you feel better, feel more like yourself, and those around you will notice improvement. Or, if that's not the case, if you're not seeing improvement but you're tolerating the medicine, if you stay on the medicine, one can realize some improvements over a period, maybe a few weeks. But again, the hope would be some of the obsessive tendencies would be better. The hope is that that may be related to confusion. We'll just have to wait and see. Questions about that? I don't think... I think we'll try it. Are you suggesting that instead of Dinepazole? Yes. We're not going to do Dinepazole just because there may be some concern that has been used before and because I think this may be a little bit better for you based on what I'm gathering currently. currently. Okay. Do you have any questions about the patch? No, I have other questions, but... This patch is going to go to Cobb and Bloomington? Yeah. And then I think I'd like to connect with you maybe like video in a couple of months. Okay. I mean I just want to make sure we're doing okay. And obviously you know how to get a hold of me if things aren't going well. Yeah. I'm going to do a video here. I've been reaching you through Anna. Is that still a viable thing? Oh, yeah. Okay. So, Brian has some questions. Yeah. Oh, Mom, you were mentioning his swallow problems. Yeah. And Dad, I know, even yesterday, you were having some problems. He did see a speech therapist and they did some testing. I talked to you about thickening of the flu that I wasn't ready to do that. And my daughter, who is a doctor out in Sturkuse, sent an article that was in the New York Times about thickening food and how doctors are thickening. Maybe that doesn't help. But he does, he's got two problems and the second one is causing some problems for you, I think. It's the little pouch that you have in your esophagus and the food catches. And then you choke, you cough, right? Except I don't see that with any clarity at all. It's called a Zenker's diverticulum. Yeah, that sounds nice. They probably picked it up on a swallow test. Well, with respect to the thickening question, those are studies that go back about 30 years. And thickening fluids and thickening food has been kind of a standard of dealing with dysphagia or swallow problems. I would tend to agree, although we do see people, and of course it's terribly unpalatable, that texture of food. Yes, it is. And if people have a good strong cough reflex, we might imagine that they're going to clear it. There's risk for aspiration pneumonia with any swallow problem, whether we're treating it or not. patients in my career who are just painfully dysfunctional with respect to swallow they just can't do it and they sometimes can be a little bit better whether it's I'm sure there's controversy I don't I didn't see the New York Times article but I'm sure there's controversy there. Zinkers can be a source where food can kind of pocket and then you can kind of regurgitate it and so you know try I mean one can do some things with dye the dye texture that might be helpful without going to the you know the pureed you know thickened food fluids we there it's also been felt in people that are recommended to have thickened fluids that they could have thin fluids between meals and be at a fairly low risk. So, yeah, I don't know. I mean, obviously, you're not, no one here seems to be a big fan of altering dye texture. But let me just look here real quick and see if I can find that note. Let's see here. Was it swallowed in here? No, it was Park Nicollet in Burnsville. I didn't think I'd have it. I'm not seeing it. Oh, here's the speech and language in August. Yeah. And she's the one who said, you know, there is such a thing as quality of life, and that kind of stuck in my head. Because we thickened your coffee one morning and it was disgusting. And we thickened your beer in the evening and it was disgusting. Yeah we used to you know when I was at Bethesda we'd get together as a group we did that so we thickened beer we went to have a few beers and we thickened it just to see. See what your patients are? So this was a video swallow on June 3rd, talking about deep laryngeal penetration. And doing some minor things like chin tuck and so on didn't seem to help. Regular soft solids with moderately thick liquids and the dysphagia-free water protocol between meals. Well, you can, I mean, these are recommendations. They're not things you have to follow, but one can follow them. One can choose not to follow them. One can maybe pick and choose here. So maybe thin fluids, but you're trying to do more soft foods. They are trying to do more soft foods. Yeah, I think that's fine. The other thing that she had recommended, though, at that visit was exercise with a little green bulb. for strengthening his neck I think. Oh. And we have not been doing those to tell you the truth. Uh-huh. Uh, basically for the same reason. But... Well, what same reason? That... What's the reason? That it's a quality of life issue. Oh, he doesn't want to do it you're saying? Well, it would be on me to get it. Correct. Yeah. Follow through with it. Yeah, no, maybe your quality of playing. Yes, exactly. Well, you know, no, no, I hear you. And motivation is very hard in this album. And so you do have to take on all of it. Maybe piano playing, you know, because you love piano playing. Yeah, it's a good one. But for these other things, it can just be burdensome. And it can be hard to do, and then people get upset. You know, and then that can become a problem. So I hear you. In that same area of concern, we had dental appointments last week or week before. Checkups, they found I think three cavities in his lower jaw. and the dentist said you know it's up to you do you want to do anything about them you're not feeling any pain from them right from your teeth so that's kind of out there well I would fix them if we can to create to prevent you know worst problems and sometimes dental hygiene will wane too. It's a little hard to get folks to do the dental hygiene. Sometimes it can be hard to get cavities filled and cleaned out. Dental hygiene is a real problem and it becomes more difficult to manage the further we get into it. So my first thought would be to try and get this taken care of. If you have cavities they need to be managed. Yeah, that woman is especially troublesome. Yeah. You would think, I mean, you could end up with an abscess or all kinds of... Yeah, well, that's what they're concerned about, the dentist. Yeah. You went a couple weeks ago, Mom, is that right? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, just, you know, I would follow up with that. And Dad has two cavities? Three. Three. But one of them is especially... What is normal sleep for him? Well, sleep is going to vary, but tell me what his sleep is. It's about 12 hours for him. Well, he'll do 12? Yeah. Does he get up at night? Yes, he does get up once or twice. But he'll be in bed for 12 hours of sleep, or he'll be in bed for 12 hours? He'll be in bed for 12 hours. So that's maybe more than what I would, I mean it varies from patient to patient. As we get older we need a little more time of sleep because our sleep efficiency is not as good. But one of the things that we see with this illness is apathy. And it can manifest itself in terms of motor activity, thinking, talking, in terms of emotionality. So, you know, laying in bed. I used to hear this very commonly. Dr. Hall, my loved one spends 20 hours in bed a day. So you don't do that. Yeah. And they'll think they're sleeping, and I'll tell them, they're not sleeping. There's just laying there. And this is apathy. And we would bring these people into our inpatient program, not for this problem, but we would bring them in, and across the board, it went to eight hours, because we would get them up. So in order to speak, in order to engage in any task, personal hygiene, balancing the check, you've got to generate an idea. The reason that patients with Alzheimer's disease aren't the commander of a group conversation anymore where they once were is because they're not generating ideas. They'll respond to the ideas that we generate. How are you feeling? I'm feeling fine. Okay? Same thing with doing things. You know, Bill, you should walk a mile a day. Okay, I'll do that. But then he never does. Yeah. And I tell the spouse, it's just like the ball. It's just like the green ball. Right, Jerry? It's not, Bill, do you want to go for a walk? It's, Bill, here we go. We're going to take a walk now. We're going to get out of bed now. And this does, you know, in talking about quality of life for the two patients that are here, Jerry, your patient, and your husband's a patient, We need to recognize that. That it is, that's the 24-hour care and supervision that we talk about as part of the environmental support kind of piece here that's really taxing, you know, for caregivers. And particularly when patients, not uncommonly, will take liberties with their spouse that they may not take with a paid care provider. Yeah. Yeah. Have you ever done day programming? So he goes to the facility. Yes he does. Monday, Wednesday, Thursday. Does he like it? Yes, I think so. Once he gets there, he plays the piano. Oh, you play the piano with day programming. Forgive me. Are you on the payroll? No. No, we talk about a labor of love. It's a labor of love. It certainly is too, by the way. And by the way, that's really a beautiful thing that you do. Absolutely. So you're to be thanked for doing that. Well, I call day programming placement light, Jerry. You know, one of the quiet questions that we might ask, here, the treatment paradigm, disease-specific therapies, of which we're going to start, a transtorm with a state-stigmatized, wellness, nobody thinks well if they're sick, side effects from therapies that Dr. Holm provides, right, you're not doing well, and then environmental support. Environmental support and wellness are fundamental to John doing well. And John doing well is determined by two people, that kind of. John, does he feel good? And two, his family and others around him. Does John look like he's doing it. No, he's leaning to the left. He's falling down and he's not swallowing. Okay. So, so when he goes to day program, he's going to a dementia level program that just runs during the day. And if he enjoys himself there and finds a sense of purpose there, that's a clue that that could work 24-7. Okay? Now, we might posit this. You know, we don't like the idea of psychotropic therapies trying to manage dysfunctional behaviors that occur as a result of this illness. What options do we have short of medicines? And here it is. Increasing the environmental support. This is the most common reason for the inappropriate overuse of psychotropic therapies. I fall victim to this all the time. We could test this hypothesis. Well, in fact, we could ask the staff there, are they running into the same problems that you're running into at home? I suspect the answer is no. And we might say, well, the problems occur in the evening when John's really tired, and he's not there. But one could test that hypothesis. You could test it with a respite for two weeks. Now, the therapy we're going to start today is legitimate, and it may help this problem. We're giving it because he has Alzheimer's, and he'll do better. He'll do better cognitively, he'll do better functionally, and maybe do better behaviorally. But we can still ask that quiet question. Gee, if he does well at daybreak, finds a sense of purpose there, that might work really well for him. might work really well for you, then you can be the advocate and not the chief cook and bottle washer and the person that gets him out of bed at a reasonable hour. Okay, the piano playing has been a wonderful thing for you. Is the program within a facility? Martin of the Manor and then on Fridays he goes to Founders Ridge which is another senior place. Yeah we go and play for the folks there. Yeah I've really gone over here I got to see my next pay show. But I think that would make some sense and I think that so we're gonna start the patch okay I think a reasonable accommodation for for diet is fine as long you know we just accept the idea that there's some dysphasia here there's a risk of pneumonia whether we alter the diet or not and you know we accept that and then we might want to think Jerry about maybe you know what if you could be within that environment for an entire day. You know that might be not a bad thing. That might work really well. You know what I tell my patients it's worth a try. Right? And the thing that Jerry needs to remind herself of is that she's your wife, not your doctor. She's not given the recommendations I am. You know, but I think that that would make some sense. Yeah. All right and I I think I gave you a follow-up by video. Like in a couple of months, we can kind of see how things are going. And the apps will be available ASAP, right? Oh, yeah, I just said it. Yeah, okay. I hope you have a nice holiday. Thank you. And I hope you do as well. I have any last-minute questions? A few things, but is there stuff that we can run by Anna, too? Yeah. It's more like just follow-up on certain notes about the environmental stuff you were talking about and ideal sleep patterns and that sort of stuff. Well, the ideal sleep, I don't know what his sleep pattern is. What I do know is he probably should be getting out of bed a little bit earlier. The best way to promote good sleep is a regular getting to bedtime and a regular getting up time. Okay, so regimenting his routine during the day will be really what he needs. Hey, thanks for coming in. Yeah, thank you. It's good to see you. Good to see you. All right, I'll keep my fingers crossed, for God's sakes. Let me know. Last question in your diagram. What is the DS? disease specific. Okay. So those are FDA approved medicines for Alzheimer's which would be the patch. Gotcha. And then what other is an environment? Those three pillars. The three pillars. Yep. All right guys. Thank you. Thank you doctor. This is our sheet. Yeah. Thank you. Thank you. Well, maybe it's good to talk to the PCP about blood pressure stuff, Dad. Yeah. It'll be Dr. Yang. Dr. Yang. Where is Yang? She's in Bloomington.
