CUDA is available.
 through those users. And then also from our fabulous UXR team and triangulating that to really understand how we can continue to develop an amazing product for these folks. And the public ramp is on track for January. I was actually just going over some designs with Leah, who you'll see in a minute, over a huddle in the corner of this room before we got going. So I know the team cross-functionally is hard at work to deliver on that timeline. and I have something not in green here. I don't remember this from my prep. Team no longer ramping to 200 SMBs in November. Do you know DMA again? Maybe we should bring legal counsel back. Maybe Blake can help us wrangle that. So with that, I promised you would hear from Leah, but you're also gonna hear from Dana and our friend from Engineering who actually met this morning. Awesome. So if you all wanna come on up, I know Leah's in New York. yay that's right round of applause you heard it here we are on track for january exciting times okay um i am dana tom i know most of you i'm the group product manager for all things smb hiring and lts online jobs you're going to hear a lot about project hero today I am presenting with two masterminds behind Hero, Leah and Asim. So do you want to acknowledge there are like 30 or 40 people working on Hero actively today. So like none of this is possible without them. He'd shout out, they've been hustling like crazy to get this to market, which is really, really exciting. I also want to say most of what you see today is live in the product. So to channel Hari's message at the beginning of this, all hands, go get in there and give us some feedback. Go slash Project Hero feedback for testing instructions. Cool. Okay. Let me first introduce you to our customer. They're very different than their enterprise counterparts. SMB hires really struggle to reach and attract qualified candidates when they're hiring. Less than 5% of them have a full-time recruiter today. So it typically falls on the owner of the company, the CEO, to do all of the hiring. They may have no prior hiring experience, and they're doing this on top of running a company. So efficiency is super, super important to them, as well as lending our expertise and guidance. Their experience today, many of them are not ending up with enough high-quality candidates, and they're wasting or they're spending a lot of time reviewing unqualified ones. part of the problem is that we don't fully understand who they believe is their the ideal candidate um so a lot of what you'll see in hero is us trying to develop a better understanding so that we can ultimately deliver what they're looking for uh with that i will pass it on to leah uh one of the lead designers on hero uh in new york to talk a little bit more about the product Cool. Thanks, Zaina. So as Zaina was saying, one of our problems is that we don't really understand what they're looking for. It turns out these hirers don't really know how to tell us what they're looking for either. So we'll start off on Hero by trying deeply to understand what they're looking for so we can help them reach the right people. So the first thing Hero will do in addition to crafting an amazing job description is by generating candidate qualifications. So that's what you're seeing over there on the right. These are basically a definition of their ideal hire. So we'll generate these qualifications based on their job title, the company, a lot of other smart things. And then of course they can customize it further to really give us detail about who they're looking for. And now Dana, can you click on the, yes, on the image itself. Thank you. So once we have kind of like the general idea of what the hire is looking for, we do this quick, what we call calibration. So we can really get into the nuance and the detail of what the hire is looking for. So we're trying to catch qualifications that the hire didn't even think to tell us about, things that they didn't even know that they were looking for. and yeah, to make sure that we are really getting what they want right. Next slide, please. Cool, I think if you click again, the image will come up. Cool, thank you. So now that Hero truly understands what the hire is looking for, this is the really magical part. Hero can automatically source candidates for them every day every day without them having to do anything. So this is like Hero doing the recruiter's job in the background, which we know we've heard in UXR, people are finding really magical. At the same time, we know hires don't wanna spam candidates and we don't want that for our members either. So we made Hero smart enough to sequence the invitations that we send. So nobody's getting spammed. And also these invitations will stop after the hire gets enough qualified applicants. So over to Asim. Hello everyone. I'm from the Hero Engineering team. So we also built this piece called evaluation. So currently the SMBs in OJ receive about 200 applicants on average for their job posting. And today there's no support for them to help review these candidates. So they have to go in manually, click on every single applicant, go through their profile and resume. And they end up not even getting to around half of the applicants that apply to their job. So what we do in Hero is we let the agent evaluate these candidates for them. So it'll highlight the most relevant people based on the qualifications to the user. So Hero is looking through the candidate's profile, resume, and their responses to the screening questions that the member provided in order to do some evaluation. If they hit most of the check marks in the qualifications, then they'll get displayed to the member automatically to streamline that process for the user. From an engineering perspective, one of the big challenges for us when developing this is the conversation around how synchronous this flow is and GPU utilization. because the more synchronous you want it, the more GPU capacity you need. And GPU capacity today is super expensive. So it's always a balance and a trade-off between what we can deliver in terms of our resources and the experience we can provide to the member as well. So, yeah. And this is a short video about some of the early feedback we received from friends and family using the product. And it would make going through people so much easier. Like, I mean, that like, invite someone to apply, like, is that would save hours probably. Wow. Very cool. I was not thinking that that was going to be the next step. It's literally making it so easy to post. literally by writing a sentence in a box and then hitting okay like everything is done for you okay i think it's awesome when is it going to be available getting individuals who are actually a match so that you're not wasting your time and wasting the candidate's time and your hiring manager's time there's a lot of money involved in all that time so when someone's pushing back and saying they don't want to pay that if they add up the time of say having those three people in one room for hours and hours and hours it's worth paying. There's something always really powerful about hearing it directly from users and potential customers so just another shout out to the UXR team who helps facilitate that in such a meaningful way. Let's see. And it would make going through all right. Well, we have to listen to it again, everyone. I mean, that like, man. All right, here we go. Now we're on to the job seekers side of the marketplace and the marketplace team overall. So at the top here, you see jobs marketplace 2.0. And that sounds like, you know, anytime you have a dot O, right? That's like big work and lots of things to think through. We have so many different levers that go into making this ecosystem successful between hirers and seekers. So the team has already been working in earnest on how do we sort of really address the foundation and create a system that's going to be fruitful for both sides of the marketplace. So that's called Jobs Marketplace 2.0. They're already seeing, you know, wins and applies, dismissed to apply. And I know that work is just going to be continuing into H2. And I'm looking forward to seeing all the fruitful results. And I think Wenjing is going to speak to that a little bit in the H2 section. All right, now moving on to Seeker Agent. Like, talk about game changing for how people are going to be able to search for and find opportunities that are meaningful for them with semantic search and job match, right? And then everything being a marketplace, like, this is going to pay off for the hires too and the time spent. Like you heard that one hire before in that video, like the idea of saving hours, right? Like if we can get that finer tuned signal in terms of what people know and understand about what opportunities are going to be a better match for them, that's going to benefit everyone. And then moving on to Project JWoww. I don't know, like when I was going through this this morning, I just like a little bow wow came to mind and there was probably some joke in there and I don't know if I'm dating myself, but this team is putting the wow in JWow, and they're on track for increasing wow by the end of H1, and I expect that to continue to go up and to the right. And then heading on into segments, you know, you heard Larry talk about, like, the role of partners and how we continue to expand where our reach is with respect to our mission and vision, and hopefully you all were able to Catch Company Connect, where we talked about the success we're seeing in these healthcare initiatives. But I'm going to bring up my friend and yours, Pat Whalen, to talk about segments. There you are. Cosmic Pat. Yes. So our work on segments is really about admitting that, you know, our goal to be the best place to find a job. We don't live up to it for every segment equally, right? There are some segments where we really don't do a great job. And if you look at these segments, they represent a massive opportunity. These non-core or beyond core segments represent about $5.4 billion in TAM, right? It's huge if we can get it right. And so we wanted to say, hey, how can we improve the experience for these non-core segments? The obvious first place to bet was on healthcare. There are 4 million nurses in the US. 3 million of them have profiles on LinkedIn. The other side of the marketplace is hospitals that are desperate to hire these nurses. It was an obvious place to say, hey, let's see if we can crack it for nurses. So the first thing that we did was we customized the experience. We gave filters for specialty, for shift, for schedule. We made the experience feel pretty native for nurses, but it didn't just happen overnight, right? The marketplace didn't just grow overnight. So we decided we need to sort of take the Uber playbook and kind of go into one market and just figure out, hey, can we grow the secret side of the marketplace and the higher side of the marketplace at the same time to really figure out the playbook? And for us, that was Atlanta. So that was kind of that big win you saw there, right? We went in and we said, hey, We partnered with six hospitals. We said, put your paid jobs on the platform. At the same time, we launched a bunch of secret growth initiatives to grow the other side of the marketplace. And the results were pretty wild, right? We closed a big, big deal with Emory. It was like $3.7 million. Two other hospitals agreed to increase spend. This is being driven by a 26% increase to apply. So pretty wild. We kind of figured out this playbook. And it's kind of amazing how we did it. It was a partnership with not just R&D, but with marketing. It was a huge kind of cross-LinkedIn marketing play here with our PMM team and consumer marketing kind of leaning in to say, hey, how might we do this for nurses? But it was also the field. And it was really cool to work side by side with our account reps and sort of say, hey, let's dig in, figuring out, hey, this customer's not seeing the results that others are. What might we do on the product side to fix that? What can we do on the marketing side, right? And it was this sort of hand-in-hand approach to really kind of figure out what is the way to do it. and it's still just the start, right? This is a breakthrough, but it's still just one market. So where do we go from here? There's really three things I want you to think about. The first is that we are taking this playbook and we are scaling it up. We are going to the Northeast, Northeast United States. 28 hospitals have partnered with us. They went live in October and we're essentially running our kind of revised and improved Atlanta playbook here. This market represents about like 17% of US-based nurse wow. So it's a pretty significant start towards a U.S.-wide expansion. So really excited for that. We're expecting to see some results in March. Second thing we're doing is we're expecting and excited for a lot of tailwinds from the rest of the strategy that Megan just talked about. The jobs marketplace 2.0, right? Semantic search, allowing nurses to come in and articulate what they're looking for in their own language. The fit score to say, hey, there's a specialty match here for you as a nurse. This would be a great job for you. So we're excited to sort of say this new marketplace is going to work really well for these non-core segments. And then the third step is starting to say, okay, what comes next, right? And for us, that's two things. Going U.S. wide in FY26, but laying the groundwork and starting to say, hey, what is the second? What is the third? What is the fourth? What is the fifth segment? And we're looking at things like teachers, accountants, international markets for health care. So really, really excited. Big thank you to the team. This has been a hard-fought breakthrough, but excited to see what comes next. Thanks, Pat. I know when we think about economic opportunity for every member of the global workforce, this is the sort of thing that's going to get us there. So thank you to Pat and the team for this hard-fought win. Okay, now heading into the learner and admin part of the world. We have AI-powered coaching, launched personalized learning plans, soft skill role play, and the international expansion at Talent Connect. It was really fun reading the notes from the customer combos that were happening coming out of learning and the excitement for this to help them develop their talent internally and continue to invest in people. So kudos to the team there. And then speaking of AI wins, just smarter content creation through AI and helping admins. like there's so like one of the things about learning right as a platform is there's so much good content but sometimes where do you start and and how do you tailor those plans for for your company and and um internal folks so uh big win there and then heading on into career dev and internal mobility uh job architect architecture customization like these are the nerdy things like when you bring a bunch of talent professionals in one place in the desert like they nerd out on things like job architecture customization, but that's a true story. I saw that come out of the notes and customer convos, so kudos to the team there. And then has anyone heard of LinkedIn at work so far? Oh, yeah, slow clap in the front. Okay, well, you're about to hear from that team and see how you can start to get your hands on it and play with it, right? Like, this is so important for us to be able to kick the tires on products like this so that we can give feedback to the team and help make it better. And so they're in internal beta now, but they're going to be progressing towards company ramp. And so with that, I'm going to have, oh, Audrey, we didn't get a photo for you. You are the cosmos itself. But we have Erica here to talk about. Well, there he is. Yay! There it is! There it is. You're animated. Yeah, it was a good timing. Thanks. We're here to be likable, don't worry. Yeah, so I'm going to talk about what is Ring the Network and then hand off to Erika about what we have built so far to tell you all and get your hands on it. So LinkedIn at work is basically an enterprise surface inside Flagship. Now, why we are building it inside Flagship? It's basically like, you know, to maintain the LinkedIn's values of, you know, providing an experience to the members with trust, security, and now bringing it into the enterprise is a challenge. So that's what, like, we are trying to solve with LinkedIn at work to create an enterprise service which is secure, easily accessible, and highly engaging. LinkedIn is already providing a lot of enterprise products and services. Now it's a question of making them more accessible and engaging. And that's where this product is geared towards. So far, we have done integration with internal Okta for SSO and built some of the services which I will talk about. And we are getting into a space where we are developing the profile and some of the integrations. So I see three phases for this particular product. Access, engagement, and integrations. So we are on access and engagement right now. And integrations will follow. Very good. Yeah, thank you. Can you hit the next slide for me? Okay, so where we are today. Today, all of LTS is ramped into our beta. So on your phone, on your phone right now. So what I would love for you to do is in the flagship beta app, which you need to get from app catalog, please download the latest version of that. And this is what you explicitly will see. You will see a switcher entry point in your mobile panel. It is the new Chevron and you can switch into an employee experience. You will see the company group as our feed. I want to be clear. This is the existing company group. If you post in Company Group as you know it, it will show up in LinkedIn at Work. If you post in LinkedIn at Work, it will show up in Company Group. You're also going to see our Learning Coach. And then within Learning Coach, we've enabled Watchpads. So if Coach recommends, of course, your video, you can watch it right inside the experience. Then on our Jobs tab, you're actually going to see the Internal Job Board. So if you see a role here at LinkedIn that you are interested in, you can apply today for an internal job. Since this is our 45-day beta, here's explicitly what you will not see. The company filtered network tab, that network tab is your existing flagship network. Notice your existing flagship inbox and then your profile. That's all what your member experience is. All of that is going to change for company ramp in December. So all of that will give you the at work experience. It will be an internal network, internal notice, and a new enterprise profile. So what we're asking for this group today, besides what is this thing, is explicitly feedback. Number one, I'm trying to figure out, do you get stuck when you're trying to log in? please email us. This is through SSO authentication, so you will need OctaVerify from App Catalog, please. And then feedback also on the vision. What is this thing? Why would you use this thing? And lastly, the current beta, so what you push to. Yeah, excited to have you all use it. Please join us and give us your feedback. Sorry for everyone who didn't have a build and like Ajay, but that was quite the introduction. And I think I saw Gary in there this morning making the tilty phones. I like them. It's like adds a dynamism. So nice work. All right. Now over into instructors and experts. Those folks helping create that amazing content that we're going to flow through folks. We were able to reduce time to market for English courses by 45%. That's 11 to six weeks. That's a huge time save. So kudos to the content team. Yeah, that's a clap. That's a clap worthy. Also scaling all types of new content types, right? Practice exams, code challenges, text, code spaces. There's different ways to learn and different ways that people need to be able to demonstrate their skills depending on, you know, what they're learning. So I think this diversification is awesome. Well done, team. Oh, wow, that was significant. If you can't hear the shouts from the audience, if you are in a room other than in Mountain View, I promise I'm responding to real things that are happening and sounds of joy and elation. And then moving on to sort of, I love this title, transformative impact. We published 11 new certs in Q2. That's huge. That was also a clap worthy. I'm pretending you're clapping. We had people earning over 350,000 certificates. Like that's people being able to demonstrate and say, hey, I know about this thing and you can trust me to know about it as I'm looking for a job or I'm having a conversation with a manager around internal mobility, et cetera. And then outpacing Coursera, you know, I think we're all a little competitive at heart. So let's outpace Coursera, you know, let's tank Udemy in Japan, all of those good things. So great wins here. And now I'm going to hand it off to the wonderful Dan Broadnitz to talk about cyber content. Dan, over to you. Hey, everybody. Can you hear me and see me at this point? Is this working? Yes, we can. Remarkable. Hi, I'm at home because I woke up with a cough and I thought I would keep the cough in Alameda instead of driving it down to Mountain to you so nice to see everybody and Megan I did enjoy the experience of you reacting to what seemed on on the VC to be the imaginary applause for content so that was that was a thrill and a treat um I just wanted to say a couple words about what's going on in one particular area you know oh my gosh there is the room that is a packed room and every one of you is grateful that my coffee is at home hey Hari it's just you all glad to uh to see you this way um so uh Hari and I talk a lot about this idea that um you know cyber has the potential to be the next AI and I'll say a couple things. One is it's not coincidental. You know, I was just talking with Alyssa Pratt about the connection between the two. And AI drives new vulnerabilities, right? And AI also drives new security options. So these two things are closely entwined. To me, what's interesting, as someone who's been doing this for a while, is Neil Eddy, who might be in the room. Neil, are you in the room? Neil would back me up that for years we talked about security as the classic example of a critical topic area the customers needed but didn't really drive engagement so much so it was more of a like you have to buy it for a small number of people in your team but the engagement was kind of modest that has changed dramatically in the last year alone in english engagement in cyber is up 50 quite unusual and we're also growing this program fast it's at 700 courses right now it's going to be at a thousand courses um in the next fiscal um and the one other thing that I would highlight is you've heard us talk a little bit about the upskilling framework for AI. The basic idea here is we have this vast library. Depending on the way you slice the numbers you could say it's 24,000 courses and we always say that is a strength and also could be a challenge, right? It's hard to navigate and so one thing you're seeing across not just content but also working cross-functionally with PMM and other friends is this idea of what Megan Liefen calls the golden age of frameworks where we're creating or adapting these frameworks to help organize these large offerings and so we're building right now a sort of we're adapting i should say an existing framework from the folks at nice which is the national initiative for cyber security career studies and then fleshing it out a little bit to connect it more to jobs and organizing our offering around it and there's going to be a go-to-market around that in q3 generally with these frameworks we're talking about can we make courses for them how can they work with the the admin tools that we're building. How can we unlock all this goodness? I know the AI upskilling framework, for example, we're going to make the AI showcase page wrap around that a little bit more, all about making this vast library more accessible. And then the last tidbit that I'll offer you is a lot of investment, obviously, in fantastic authors. One of our long-standing superstars is Carolyn Wong. And Alyssa was telling me this morning that a learner recently described Carolyn as the Meryl Streep of information security, which I think is quite a thing. So maybe I'll I'll go for a big round of applause. Why not, right? Big round of applause for the global team that is accelerating this program. And thanks to you all in the room and over to you, Megan. Thank you. Dan, you are the Meryl Streep of content. So thank you very much. Does anyone else think National Initiative for Cybersecurity Careers and Studies was really trying to force that acronym? That was impressive wordplay. All right. So with that, you all get to be done with me and I'm going to welcome Wenjing up to talk about how we're going to pull all this through in H2. What a fantastic list of highlights from H1. This is so impressive. But as an engineer, newly minted, I know what we've shared is just the tip of iceberg. Behind the scenes, there were dozens of GPU crisis, if I still remember them, and dozens of incident rooms, post-mortems, and issues, and hundreds of HI tickets. Some were planned, some were surprises, and then thousands of on-call hours that an engineer, AI, and data science put into it. and for production issue bug fixes exactive escalation investigation and so on and millions of code to get to where we are today so a big round of applause to many many of us who bring us live all these highlights in h1 thank you so much thank you so much and looking forward for h2 i really hope that we can keep the momentum and energy to h2 and a successful h2 start from a solid plan and with that we're going to officially kick off our planning for h2 so let's start from the timeline and tomorrow you're going to receive an email from lts leads about the h2 planning with detailed guidelines and we have about a month to figure out our draft plan and during the week of December 16th we're going to review discuss and align and sign off on the plan for H2. All right so there are three outcomes that we're looking for for a successful H2. Number one is to meet plan we need to help LTS and help the company to reach our target for core four and specifically for LTS it's our revenue targets and WU target and those are important for us to sustain our mission. Second is
